Nine-oh-seven. Wyatt was at the kitchen table on his second coffee, which he had made with the same grounds he had used for the first because changing the grounds was a decision, and he had made his decisions for the morning at one a.m. when he had sat down on the couch in the dark and decided not to go to bed.

He had not slept. He had sat up. Going to bed without her in it had been, at one in the morning with his boots still on the mat, the worse of the available options.

The light in the kitchen was late-April after-storm light, sharp and flat at once, and it made the mud in the yard look like it had been photographed. He had the front door open two inches because he had wanted to hear if a truck came up the road, or a dog, or a woman walking in boots she had bought three weeks ago.

The phone rang on the second ring.

He picked up.

She said, "I'm coming over."

He said, "Okay."

She hung up. He did too.

He stood and put the mug in the sink without running water on it. The shirt he had on was the shirt he had slept on the couch in, which was the shirt he had put on at eleven last night after he had walked out of the main house. It was clean. He did not change it.

He stood at the counter with his hands flat on the pine and looked at the mug in the sink for about a minute.

Then he went to the door.


She came out of the main house at nine-twelve and crossed the south pasture in the grey pantsuit trousers, because the other jeans she had were in the suitcase and the suitcase was by the door and unpacking was a decision she had not yet made. The trousers were creased and cold and they had a splash of mud up one calf from the shuttle van's tire on day eighteen. She had not noticed it on her way out. She noticed it now.

She was in the boots she had bought at Cooper's on day four, and a fleece, and the Carhartt on the hook by the bedroom door was still on the hook by the bedroom door. She had not taken it. She was not going to own a barn jacket she had not earned. That was the one discipline she had kept that morning.

The ground was wet. Last night's snow had given up sometime after three. There were patches of it still where the cottonwoods made shade, but the pasture itself was thawed, and her boots came up out of each step with a sucking noise that she was no longer embarrassed by.

She was still hungover. The bad edge had come off ninety minutes ago with the water and the aspirin, but behind her eyes there was a slow drag that meant she was going to be slow today in ways she did not usually allow herself to be slow. Her mouth was sand. She had not brushed her teeth a second time because she had wanted to and that had seemed like a vanity she could not, today, be caught in.

She had practiced the sentence on the porch. She had practiced it again crossing the pasture. She was not sure she was going to say it first.

She got to his door and she knocked, once, because two would have been a speech.

He opened it.

Neither of them said anything for about a second. He had shaved yesterday but not today. His eyes did a thing she did not have a word for and her chest did a thing it had done twice before, both times in this kitchen, and she stepped past him without waiting for him to move.

He shut the door behind her.

She said, "Coffee?"

He said, "Yeah."

She sat down at the table on the side she had sat on on day nine, because sitting on the other side would have been a choice and she was not making choices yet. He took two mugs down and poured, put one in front of her, and sat on the side she had not sat on.

Neither of them drank.


She looked at the mug. She looked at the grain of the table, which she had been looking at on and off for three weeks and which had a small burn by the corner from a pan Hal had put down years before she had arrived.

She said, "I'm not going back yet."

He said, "Okay."

She said, "I'm also not deciding anything yet. I need a couple days."

He said, "Yeah."

She ran her thumb along the edge of the mug. The mug was the blue one that had been his father's, which she had not known on day nine and did know now. She did not mention it. He watched her hand on the mug and did not mention it either.

She drew in a breath and let it out.

She said, "I'm sorry I drunk-texted you I hate you."

He said, "I'm not."

She looked up.

He said, "You were never going to tell me you were angry unless you were too drunk to be polite. I'm grateful for the tequila."

She laughed. It came out of her in one unprofessional sound and then she put her hands over her face and did it into her palms and did not stop. For a full minute. She could feel it shake her shoulders. She wheezed once, and was embarrassed about the wheeze, and laughed harder. Her hands smelled like the aspirin coating. He did not laugh with her. He watched her, and when she came back up his eyes were doing the thing his mouth was not, and she saw it, and she put her hands down on the table on either side of the mug.

She said, "Okay."

He said, "Okay."

She said, "I'm going to read the ledger today."

He said, "Yeah."

She said, "I'm going to sleep at the main house tonight."

He said, "Yeah."

She said, "I'm not still angry. I'm thinking."

He said, "I know."

She drank the coffee. Most of it. She stood up. At the door she stopped with her hand on the frame, because his hand had come up at the same time and was on the frame on the other side, and for a second neither of them moved.

She said, "Thanks for the note."

He said, "Yep."

She walked back across the south pasture.


She read the ledger end to end.

It took her most of day nineteen and into the evening. She sat at Hal's kitchen table with the ledger open and a legal pad on her left, and she did not look at her phone except to note the time once at two and once at four-thirty and then not again until it was after dark.

She read the feed costs. She read the vet bills. She read the cattle-sale entries in Hal's handwriting first, in the same block capitals as the note on the nightstand, and then in another hand, and then Hal's again, and then Wyatt's, and at a certain page the handwriting became Wyatt's only. That was the place where Hal had stopped being able to keep the book and had not said so and Wyatt had taken over without saying so either. The page said what it said.

She wrote numbers on the legal pad. She did the math on the back of a flour-company receipt and again on the legal pad in the way an associate does it so it would be readable to a partner. She was not going to show it to a partner. She was showing it to herself.

By nine p.m. she had a picture.

The ranch was not going to die, and it was not going to get rich either. It had fifteen good years in it if the cattle prices held and eight if they did not, and the line of credit was a tool, and the tool had been used for the things tools get used for. She wrote the word TOOL on the legal pad and circled it.

She closed the ledger at nine-fifty. She made a sandwich. She ate it standing at the counter because sitting down would have been a commitment. She did not turn her phone over.

At ten-forty she went upstairs. She looked at the Carhartt on the hook for about five seconds and did not take it down. She went to bed in the main house in his shirt she had been wearing under the fleece all day and had not told him about, and she did not sleep well but she slept.


Across the south pasture in his own kitchen, Wyatt had his working copy of the ledger on the table and he was not reading it. He was reading the same page of last Sunday's paper for the third time. At eleven-forty he turned the light off. He did not sleep well either.

Cal came by the next morning at seven. He had been to the barn already. He did not ask Wyatt how he was. He said, "142's calf is on the feed. Ray called. The brand inspection's Tuesday."

Wyatt said, "Okay."

Cal said, "Mm."

They worked. The fence-line on the east side had lost a post in the melt, and they drove one in together because two men were faster than one. Cal did the posthole. Wyatt set the post. Cal set his glove on Wyatt's shoulder for about a second on the way back to the truck and took it off again, and Wyatt did not turn around, and Cal did not say anything, and they drove down to the barn and unloaded the spare wire and did not mention anything that had happened in the last three days.

At lunch they ate sandwiches on the tailgate. Cal finished his and folded the wax paper into a square and put it in his breast pocket. He said, "I left the trailer door open. Cinder's thinking."

Wyatt said, "Yeah."

Cal got off the tailgate and went back to the barn.


June came out at ten on day twenty and walked to the barn to see the horse, because the ledger was in her head now and she wanted to see something that had a pulse.

The trailer was in the yard with its ramp down and its door open. Cinder was in her stall. June walked up to the stall door.

Cinder looked at her.

June said, "Morning."

Cinder walked out of the stall.

She walked the six feet to the trailer ramp. She put one hoof on it. She put the other hoof on it. She walked up the ramp at her own speed and into the trailer and stood in it and put her head over the rail and looked at June.

June stopped where she was.

She said, "Oh, fuck you."

Cinder did not respond. Her ears were forward. She had a piece of hay hanging out of the corner of her mouth and she did not move it.

June walked up to the trailer. She closed the trailer door because she had learned, two weeks ago, that when a horse is doing something you want her to do you do not stand there admiring her, you close the door. The latch took two hands. She got it.

She stood by the closed trailer for about a minute with her hands on her hips.

She said, "That was for him, wasn't it."

Cinder put her ear back briefly and then put it forward again, which was the most she was going to give anybody on a Wednesday.

June walked back to the main house.


At three she made the call.

She sat at the kitchen table with the ledger on her left and the notebook Mariana had given her on her right, and she dialed Greg's direct line and put the phone on speaker because she did not want to hold it.

Greg picked up on the second ring. He said, "June."

She said, "Greg. I'm taking the summer."

A beat.

He said, "Okay."

She said, "June through August. I'll be back at the desk in September."

He said, "Okay. Tell me what you want me to do with Harding."

She said, "Tell him I'll call him Monday. I can do Harding on phone and email through the summer if we set the expectation. I'll come back in for the closing in September."

He said, "Fine with me. I'll manage him."

She said, "Thanks, Greg."

He said, "You good?"

She said, "Yeah."

He said, "This a man."

She said, "It's a summer."

He said, "Okay. Call me Monday."

The call was four minutes. She hung up. She sat with her hand on the phone for about ten seconds with her chest doing something it had been doing off and on since she had put the suitcase by the door on day eighteen.

She did not call it anything.

She got up. She started a pot of water on the stove because it was almost six and she was going to make pasta. It was the first thing she was going to cook for herself in this house that was not toast or a sandwich or cold cereal.


At six-ten she was at the counter browning onions in olive oil with the heel of her hand on the spoon, and the pot of water was boiling behind her, and she had not turned on the radio because she did not want Shania, she wanted the sound of the onions.

There was a knock at the door.

She knew it was him before she turned. A Wyatt knock was one knock.

She went to the door in her socks and opened it. He was there in a different shirt than the one he had been in yesterday, which was clean and blue and had the sleeves rolled to the elbow. His hair was wet. His hands were in his jeans pockets.

They looked at each other for about three seconds, and then she stepped back and he stepped in and shut the door behind him.


She did not go back to the onions. The onions were going to be fine for two minutes on their own, and they were not the point.

She said, "Hi."

He said, "Hi."

He took two steps forward. He put his hands on either side of her jaw. His hands were cool from outside and her face was hot from the stove, and for about half a second she felt the difference and then he kissed her, slow, and then the second half of the same kiss fast, and her hands came up to his forearms and held them there.

He said, against her mouth, "Tell me what you want."

She said, "Here. Now."

He said, "Okay."

He walked her two steps back to the kitchen counter. He did not stop kissing her. He lifted her by the hips and she was on the counter, the tile cold through the pantsuit trousers, and she pulled him in by his belt and started on it and he started on hers at the same time.

The problem was that both of them were wearing belts.

She got his buckle open and the leather was a Western tongue that she had not thought through and she had to rethread it, and while she was doing that he was on hers, and hers was also leather and had a little tongue at the end that Cooper's had sold her, and he got it mostly and then lost it, and she laughed against his mouth, and he said, "One at a time," and she said, "Yours first," and he said, "Yours is easier," and she said, "It is not, Cooper sold me a Western one because I asked for a Western one," and he said, "Jesus," and she was laughing and he was laughing and he got his belt open and the jeans undone and down to his thighs, and then he got hers, and hers came halfway down her hips and stuck at her thighs because she was sitting on the counter and she had to lift her weight for him to get them past her hips, and she did, and they came down.

He said, "Okay?"

She said, "Yeah, go."

He kissed her again. His hand was between her legs and she was already where she was going to be because she had been most of the way there since he walked in, and his thumb found her and she said, "Wyatt," and he said, "I know," and he guided his cock in and it was the same body she had known for two and a half weeks and it was different because she had spent three days away from it, and she exhaled once hard against his shoulder when he was the whole way in.

He held there.

He said, "Okay?"

She said, "Yes. Go."

He moved. It was a rhythm that already knew itself, the one they had made together in three weeks. Her hands were on his back under the blue shirt, flat, and she was using the edge of the counter for leverage, and he had one hand on her hip and the other on the cabinet behind her head where hers could not reach.

She said, "Fuck."

He said, "Yeah."

The pasta water went from a boil to a rolling boil behind them. Neither of them moved toward it. The timer she had not set was not going off. The onions smelled like they were about to stop being brown and start being something else and it did not matter.

He said, "Baby."

She said, "I know."

It was not long. She had been most of the way there, and he was there too, and when she came her forehead was on his shoulder and she made a sound she was going to not think about later, and he held her through it and then said, "Fuck, baby," and she said, "Yes," and he came.


They did not move.

She was still half on the counter and half on him. His face was against her neck. Her hand was in his hair. Her leg was around the back of his, not holding, just there. The pot was boiling over a little, hissing on the stove.

He said, "Your pasta."

She laughed into his neck.

She said, "My pasta."

He said, "Yeah."

She said, "Go turn it down."

He went. He turned the heat down under the pot and pushed the pan of onions off the burner, with his jeans still at his thighs, and she laughed again, and he turned around and looked at her on the counter and said, "What," and she said, "Nothing," and he said, "Yeah, nothing."

She got off the counter. She pulled her pantsuit trousers off the rest of the way, because they were not going back on tonight, and she left them on the kitchen floor. He did his jeans up. She walked to the bedroom in her shirt and socks, got one of his shirts out of the drawer she had a drawer in, and put it on.

She came back out.

She put the pasta in. She finished the onions. He sat at the table and watched her cook, and at seven-twenty they sat on the couch and ate pasta out of bowls and did not talk about tomorrow. Ruthie came in from the porch and lay down on the rug by the door. The phone, either phone, did not ring.

At nine she said, "I'll come over."

He said, "Yeah?"

She said, "Yeah."


Eleven. His bedroom.

He was on his back. She was on her side facing him with her hand tucked under her chin, which was how she slept when she had unclenched before sleep instead of after. Her hair was across her face and she did not feel it. The lamp on the nightstand was on. Ruthie was at the foot of the bed with her chin across his shin and her feet twitching at something in a dream.

She had fallen asleep first. He had listened to her breathing change and then stop changing, and he had lain there, and he had thought one thought.

Whatever she decided, these had been the best three weeks of his adult life.

He turned off the lamp.
