At eleven-thirty on Wednesday night she was on the porch with a paperback she had not turned a page of in twenty minutes and a wool blanket off the bed pulled up over her shoulders because the thermometer on the post said forty-eight and was dropping.

She had been on the porch since ten. Sawyer had come out at ten-fifteen with his own wool blanket off the sleeping bag and had sat down in the porch chair and had not said anything, which was not a new behaviour from Sawyer Wrangel and was not a behaviour she had a working strategy against. He had a book of his own, one of the Louis L'Amour paperbacks off the shelf above the woodstove, and he had been on the same page of it longer than she had been on hers, and she had clocked that at ten-forty and had refused to clock anything else.

The valley was dark the specific dark it did at the end of September when the moon was a late thin moon and had not yet come up. The cottonwoods were one shape. The county road was another. Louis was inside on the rug. She could hear the woodstove through the open cabin door doing its quiet work. She could hear Sawyer breathe. She could not hear anything else.

At eleven-twenty-eight she had decided she was going to do it, and by eleven-thirty she had talked herself out of it twice and back into it once, which she knew from bar-owning was the part of the arithmetic right before a woman actually did the thing.

She set the paperback face down on the boards.

She stood up.

Sawyer, in the porch chair, looked at her and did not stand up, because Sawyer did not stand up when a woman stood up, he stood up when the thing required a man to be on his feet, and a woman getting up off a porch step at eleven-thirty did not require it. He closed his book on his thumb. He waited.

She took one step and then the second.

She put her hands on the front of his jacket, the canvas work coat he had been wearing all day, and she took hold of it in both fists, and she pulled him up out of the chair and kissed him.

He came up out of the chair without a sound. The book dropped onto the porch boards. His hands came to her waist inside two seconds, palms flat at her ribs through the sweatshirt, which was his sweatshirt, which she had been wearing since six and had decided at some point she was not giving back. He did not do anything clever with his mouth. He kissed her back. He kissed her back for real.

She had been kissed by a lot of men in Livingston and she had been kissed by a handful of them well. This was on a list of its own. She had not been expecting that. She had been expecting adequate and had been ready to take adequate, and Sawyer Wrangel, on a porch in Paradise Valley on a Wednesday night in late September, was not kissing her adequately. He was kissing her like a man who had been thinking about it since Tuesday at four-forty and had run the tape in his head of what he was going to do if she ever closed the distance, and she had closed the distance, and he was running the tape.

She broke for air. She did not step back. Her hands were still on his jacket.

He said, "Molly."

She said, "Are you going to ask me if I'm sure."

He said, "Thinking about it."

"Ask."

He said, "Are you sure."

She said, "Ask me one more time and I will not be."

He did not ask again.

He kissed her. His right hand went from her waist to her jaw and his palm ran up along her face and he held her there while he kissed her, and his other hand was still at her ribs and the cold had stopped mattering in a six-inch band where his palm was. She had one hand in his jacket and the other hand had gone up into his hair at some point and was fisting in it without her having decided to, and she left it there.

They stayed like that on the porch for a minute. She lost track of it. The cold was doing the thing to the back of her neck where her hair was pulled up off it, and her mouth was hot from his mouth, and she was the one who stepped backwards because she was the one who was going to move this or it was going to stay on a porch in the cold.

She said, "Inside."

He said, "Yeah."

He bent down and got her paperback off the boards and his own paperback off the boards and he came up with them both in his left hand, which was a pure Sawyer Wrangel move and she did not know why she had clocked it as a pure Sawyer Wrangel move after forty-eight hours but she had, and she took one of the paperbacks out of his hand so he had his right hand free.

The right hand went to the small of her back.

She went inside with his hand there.


The cabin was warmer than the porch by the stove and colder by the door, and in the middle it was sixty with a bite. Louis was on the rug. He opened one eye, looked at them come in, closed it again. The dog had drawn his own conclusions about this forty-five minutes ago and had decided to sleep through the implementation.

Sawyer set both paperbacks on the kitchen table.

He did not load the fire.

She watched him not load the fire. He had loaded it at ten. It was down to a glow. She could see the faint red inside the seam of the door, and she could see his face in the low orange light from the gap, and he was looking at her.

He said, "Cold in here."

She said, "Yeah."

"Going to get colder."

"Yeah."

He took one step, took her hand, and walked her to the bed.

They were at the foot of it. He was not rushing. She had been pretty sure in the ninety seconds on the porch that Sawyer was not a rushing man in any room he had been in for more than three days, and the walk from the porch to the foot of the bed had confirmed it. He had her hand. He had her eye. His work coat was still on. Her sweatshirt, which was his sweatshirt, was still on.

She said, "The sweatshirt's mine now."

He said, "Noted."

"You're not getting it back."

"I assumed."

She pulled it off over her head. She had a black t-shirt under it. She dropped the sweatshirt on the end of the bed where she could find it again.

He got his work coat off and put it on the chair by the stove, because he was the kind of man who would hang a work coat on a chair on the way to the bed, and then he came back.

The bed was against the west wall of the cabin. The east side of it was where he had been sleeping for two nights on the floor and where his sleeping bag was rolled now. The west side of it was up against the log. She had slept on the east side both nights because she had been giving him the floor on the side that wasn't a wall. Tonight she got in on the east side and he got in on the west, and that put her between him and the stove and him with his back to the log, and that was not a thing either of them had negotiated, it had happened.

The sheets were cold.

She swore once into her own mouth and he laughed once, quiet, and he pulled the quilt up over both of them, and his body came in against her side.

His body, against her side, gave off a different kind of heat than the stove did. The stove was slow and the stove was six feet away, and he was here, a canvas-coat-and-walking-the-property heat that had been banked in him all day and was going into her now through the shoulder and the thigh. She did not have a word for the difference. She was not in the market for one.

He said, "Still a fight."

She said, "Depends."

"On what."

"If you're good at it."

She felt him laugh against her shoulder. He said, "Molly."

She said, "Prove it."

He kissed her. The cold in the bed stopped mattering. His hand went under the hem of the t-shirt and his palm came up her side flat to her ribs, and her skin went goosebumps the whole length of it and she laughed into his mouth.

She said, "Cold."

He said, "I can fix that."

She said, "Prove it."

He did. His mouth went from her mouth to the hollow under her ear to her jaw and back, and the hand that had been at her ribs was at her breast now under the t-shirt, thumb at her nipple in a way that did not suggest this was a man who was experimenting, and she made a sound at the back of her throat that was not a word. He said it against her skin. "Yeah."

She got the t-shirt off herself. She had been planning to make him work for it and she had changed her plan. She sat up halfway to get it over her head and came back down and his mouth was at her collarbone before she had dropped the shirt over the edge of the bed.

She said, "Your jeans."

He said, "Yeah."

He got out from under the quilt for about eight seconds. She watched him strip his jeans off in the low light from the stove door and she watched him come back under, and the cold air came in with him and she swore again and he laughed again, and his body was half on hers and her thigh slid up along his hip.

She had seen him Wednesday morning with his shirt off in the bathroom. She had seen him standing at the sink with a towel around his waist shaving in the cracked mirror above the basin, and she had walked through the bathroom door because she had forgotten he was in there and she had forgotten what she had forgotten, and he had said, "Morning," without a flinch and she had said, "Morning," without one either and had backed out. That had given her shoulders and back and waist, and nothing below.

Now she had the rest. Her hand went down his chest to his stomach and stopped there, palm flat, fingers spread, and she took half a second to not be in a hurry about it, and then her hand went lower.

His cock was thick and heavy in her hand, and long enough that her hand took a beat to get around it properly and then took another beat to hold him right. She stopped kissing him for the half-second that took. He watched her face. He did not make a thing of it. She said the thing she was going to say and did not dress it up.

She said, "That'll do."

He laughed, once, short, and said, "Okay."

She moved her hand. He made a sound against her shoulder that was low and not a word. She did it again. He said her name. She kissed him, because he had said her name that way, and she kept her hand where it was for another minute because a woman who had spent six years deciding when to pour a man a drink knew how to pace a thing.

When she let go he rolled her onto her back and she went, and his mouth was at her sternum and then lower, and the quilt had gone half off them somewhere in the last minute and she was cold on the shoulders and hot on the stomach and she could feel her breath and his breath both. His hand was at the button of her jeans.

He said, "Lift."

She lifted. He got the jeans down. Her underwear went with them. He got both off over her feet in one pull and let them go over the side of the bed, and he came back up and her hand found his jaw and brought his mouth back to hers, and the kiss was different now, less contained, more specific, a kiss that had decided a thing, and she shoved the quilt the rest of the way over the east edge of the bed with her knee because the quilt was getting in the way and the cabin was going to have to heat itself with what they were making.

His hand was between her legs.

His hand knew what it was doing.

She said, "God."

He said, against her jaw, "Tell me."

She told him.

He said, "Yeah."

It was fast on her, faster than she would have let it be if she had been rationing it, and she had not been rationing anything in this cabin since Tuesday at four-forty, and his fingers were unhurried and exact and she arched up off the mattress and he said it again, "Yeah, Molly, there you go," and she came with her hand in his hair and her mouth on his shoulder and a sound she did not catalogue coming out of her.

She lay there for about five seconds breathing.

Then she got her hand under his arm and she shoved him off her so she could get on top, and he went, and she came up over him in the dark with her hair out of its elastic and down and her hands flat on his chest.

He said, "Bossy."

She said, "Accurate."

He did not fight it.

She said, "Condom."

He said, "In the bag on the hook."

She said, "Mine's in my bag. Which is closer."

She leaned over the east edge of the bed and got her overnight bag, which was on the floor where she had been living out of it for two days, and she came back up with a strip of condoms and she took one off the strip and set the rest on Cal's pine nightstand with the knob that opened a little wrong.

He watched her do it.

He said, "You brought a strip."

She said, "I'm twenty-nine."

He said, "Fair."

She tore the wrapper with her teeth. She watched him put it on. She watched him with her hands flat on his thighs and her eyes on his hands and she was not pretending she wasn't watching. When he was done she came up higher and got her knees either side of his hips and she took hold of him in her hand and she put him where she wanted him.

She went down. Slow.

She said, "Oh."

He said, "Yeah."

She stayed still for a beat. His hands were on her hips, loose, not pulling, and she had her hands flat on his chest and her hair fallen forward on both sides of her face and she could feel him inside her and she could feel the cold on her back and she could feel the stove putting out what it had left to put out, and she moved.

She moved slow first. He let her set it. She leaned down and kissed him and his hand came up to the back of her neck and he held her there and kissed her back and she felt the kiss in her stomach and in her hips and she moved faster, and he said, "Yeah, like that," against her mouth, and she said, "Yeah," back, and the bed, which was an old bed Cal had put in the cabin in 1987 with the frame against the log wall, gave one small creak and the creak was not her problem.

Her elbow hit the log wall.

It hit it hard, knuckle at the low V where the logs met, and she said, "Fuck," without stopping, and he said, "You okay," without stopping either, and she said, "Fine, the wall hit me," and he said, "That's how walls work," and she laughed, once, into his collarbone, and he laughed, once, back, and neither of them stopped moving and the cabin kept doing what the cabin was doing. His hand had come up to the back of her head at some point, palm flat, fingers spread into her hair, and his other hand was on her hip guiding her to the beat he had decided he wanted, and she let him have it because he had a good one.

Louis made one small sound from the rug. Not a wake-up sound. The sound a dog made in a dream about a rabbit. They both registered it. Neither of them did anything about it. Sawyer's hand moved up her back to between her shoulder blades and he pressed her down against his chest and kept going underneath her, and her forehead was on his jaw and her breath was in his beard and she was very close.

She said, "I'm going to — "

He said, "Yeah."

She said, "Don't stop."

He said, "Not going to."

She came with her face in his neck and her hand fisted in the quilt up by his shoulder and her body shaking against his, and he held her through it with one hand at the small of her back and the other on the back of her thigh, and when she was still he rolled them, careful for the log wall because he had heard her elbow hit it, and he came up over her on his elbows and kissed her mouth and said, "Still good."

She said, "Keep going."

He kept going. A couple more minutes. She was loose now the whole length of her and her hand was in his hair and her knee was hooked high on his hip, and she watched his face, which was the thing she had decided a while back she wanted to watch, and when he was close his forearm by her head shook once and he said her name and his forehead came down to her collarbone and he came with a sound in his chest that was not a word.

He stayed there, breathing, his forehead against her collarbone. She put her hand on the back of his neck.

She said, "Hi."

He said, "Hi."


He got up at some point. The cabin had gone colder while they had been doing what they had been doing, and the stove, which had been a glow when they came inside, was barely a glow now. She watched him from the bed. He crossed the cabin in the dark with nothing on and she watched the line of his back and his shoulders and the shape of his thighs in the low orange off the stove door, and she did not look away, because she was not the kind of woman who looked away from a thing she had just had.

He crouched at the stove.

He opened the door. The orange light came out across the floorboards and up onto his forearm and onto the side of his face. He laid in two pieces of cottonwood off the stack by the hearth and closed the door the right amount, and he stayed crouched for a second watching the fire catch. The fire caught, and he stood up and came back to the bed.

He got under the quilt on the west side against the log wall and he pulled her against him with his body curled behind hers and his arm across her ribs under her breast and his chin at the top of her head, and he did not say anything, because there was not anything the moment required a man to say.

The cabin started warming.

She lay there.

She said, "You're good at that."

He said, "Noted."

"The fire."

"Yeah, no, I know what you meant."

She laughed, once, into the dark.

She said, "Both."

He said, "Yeah."

She put her hand on his hand where it was on her ribs. She closed her eyes. Louis, on the rug, sighed, which was the sound of a dog settling deeper into a sleep he had been in for an hour. The stove did the small quiet ticking a stove did as the new wood caught. Her wrist was still doing what it did about the cold, but the cold was not where it had been.

She slept.


He did not sleep for a while.

He was on his side against the log wall with Molly Henderson against his chest breathing the slow breath of a woman who had gone out inside a minute, and her hair was in his beard and her hand was on his hand at her ribs, and he was thinking about a man who had been planning, four hours ago, to move out of this cabin in a week. He thought he had been. He thought he had been running on that plan since a voicemail from Kristin Mills had come through the window on Tuesday at five o'clock and the word forty-eight hours had found him at the kettle. He had started packing the cabin in his head. He had gotten as far as the box under the bathroom sink. He had not said any of it out loud. He was not going to say any of it out loud now. He pulled the quilt up her shoulder because the quilt had slipped while she settled. He closed his eyes.
