The thermostat read fifty-nine and Robin let it. The propane truck had come on Thursday last week and the bill had come with it, and she had run the numbers twice and got the same answer both times. She put her socks on over her socks and she put the kettle on and she stood at the window in the dark.

The valley was day ten of the cold snap. The radio had given up calling it weather and was calling it a system, which was what radios called weather when the weather had outstayed the language. Eight degrees in town. Minus eleven on the gravel. The yard light at Mrs. Cribbet's two doublewides over was a small frozen sun fifty feet off the ground.

Hen made the noise from down the hall that she made when she was halfway between sleep and being awake about it. Robin went in with her hand still warm from the kettle handle and put it on Hen's back through the quilt and waited.

"Bug."

"Mama."

"Five more."

"Mama."

"Five."

Hen rolled. Horse went under her chin. She made a small wet sound that might have been agreement and was definitely sleep, and Robin stood there for the count of a breath and looked at her daughter's face and went back out to the kitchen.

The kettle was on its way. She got the snowsuit out of the dryer where she had left it last night warming and laid it across the chair so it would still be warm in seven minutes. She got Hen's boots. She got her own boots. She got the diaper bag.

She did not look at the couch.

The couch had a sheepskin coat folded over its arm in a fold that was not Robin's fold, which was a thing she kept noticing without wanting to. She had folded it Wednesday night after the potluck, when she had come home with it on her shoulders and Hen asleep on her hip and her own mouth still tasting like green chile and woodsmoke, and she had set it across the arm like a thing she would deal with in the morning, and she had not dealt with it Thursday and was not dealing with it Friday, and the coat had been on her couch for thirty-six hours and was beginning to feel like furniture.

She got Hen up. She got Hen into the snowsuit, which was warm where the dryer had warmed it, and Hen did not protest because Hen had a position on warm clothing in week two of a cold snap and the position was *yes*. Boots on. Mittens on. Hat on. Horse in the diaper bag because Hen had ruled, on Wednesday, that Horse rode in the bag now.

Hen pointed at the diaper bag. Then at Horse. Then at the bag again.

"Yeah, bug. Horse is in there."

Hen pointed at the bag a third time, with the small flat insistence of a person who had not yet been understood.

"That's what I said."

Hen made the small breath that was a Hen-laugh, and Robin lifted her, and they went out the door.

The Camry door was frozen. She used her hip. Hen watched, deadpan, like a small foreman watching a job site.

"Don't tell anybody."

"Mama."

"I know."

She drove to Mrs. Thornberg's with the heater on low and the defroster on high. Mrs. Thornberg met her at the door in the same sweater she had been wearing all week, took Hen in, said *cold one*, and Robin said *yeah*, and Mrs. Thornberg looked at her face for a beat and let her go without saying anything else. That was the thing Mrs. Thornberg had decided to give her, after Monday. Robin had registered it. She had not figured out what to do with it.

She drove to the post office. She got the bin. Pete was at the cage in his cap and his fingerless gloves, and he handed her the keys to the wagon without looking up because Pete had decided after the ditch that the wagon was the truck Robin took out on Galloway Road and that was the end of it. She did not argue. She had stopped arguing about the wagon four days ago.

She put on the driving gloves. She started the engine. She let it warm for the eight minutes she gave it on cold days, and then she put the wagon in gear and drove.

The county road was clear black asphalt with sand on the shoulders. The willows along the Yellowstone were a brown line under a white sky. Two ravens went up off a deer carcass on the south shoulder near the bridge as she came past and settled down again on the rail when she was forty yards up.

She did the boxes. Box, flag, box, flag. Fourteen of them, and then she turned onto Galloway Road. The Vassar place. The Kemmer place. The Heaton place. The cattle guard at Tom Galloway's place was the last box on the route, and it had been the last box since 2019 when the previous carrier had retired, and it would be the last box every weekday until the weekend or the snow or the wind said otherwise.

She slowed.

His diesel was at the gate.

He was standing by the back of it with his hands in the pockets of his Carhartt and the wide-brim black felt hat down against the wind, and the thermos was on the tailgate. He had not put it away yet. She had been three minutes later than her usual time because the boxes on Vassar had taken longer than they should have, and he had been standing there waiting for her to come around the bend in a wind that was running fourteen miles an hour through a draw that funneled it into something nastier, and he was not making a thing of having waited.

She rolled up to the box.

She had been planning this for two days. She had been planning to come up on Galloway Thursday morning, give him his mail, say *morning* if he said *morning*, and drive, and she had done it Thursday and now she was doing it Friday and she had told herself last night that she could do it for as long as she needed to. He could give her *morning* and she could give him *morning* and that could be the shape of Galloway Road for a while, and she could hold on to the place she was holding by holding it.

She had not factored in the thermos.

He came over.

"Morning."

"Morning."

"Cold one."

"Yeah."

He held the thermos cup out, lid loose, in the way he had at the ditch and at the gate on Wednesday and on Friday last week and Tuesday and yesterday, which made today the sixth, and steam came up off it in a column the wind took sideways inside of three feet.

She looked at it.

She did not take it.

He let two seconds go by and then he capped it and set it back on the tailgate without making it a moment.

"Mail," he said.

"Yeah."

She handed him the bundle. A bill from the propane company. A catalog from a feed store. A Christmas card with a Bozeman return address and a hand-printed *Galloway* on the front.

He took the bundle. He did not look at her face.

"I'll be by tomorrow," he said.

"Saturday."

"I know it's Saturday."

She looked at him.

"I don't run on Saturdays."

"I know that too. I meant the box. I'll come down to it, in case you'd left anything."

"There's nothing to leave."

"All right."

He was looking past her at the bend where the willows hung over the gravel, and his face was doing the thing she had seen it do on Monday, which was a small private accounting that did not require her input, and she did not know what he was accounting for and she did not ask. She put the wagon in gear.

"Drive easy," he said.

"I will."

She pulled away.

She got a hundred yards. She made the turn onto the county road. She got another mile. She did the math she had been doing every morning this week, which was the math of how long it took for her hands to come down off the wheel after she had done Galloway, and today the answer was longer than yesterday, and yesterday the answer had been longer than Tuesday, and the curve was going the wrong way.

She stopped at the turnoff to the river road. She put both hands flat on the wheel and breathed in for four and out for six. She watched the cottonwoods on the bank do a slow sway in the wind.

She drove.

She did not run on Saturdays. She had not run on Saturdays in six years. He knew that because he had a directory on the back of his uncle's mudroom door and because she had told him so on Wednesday last week without thinking she was telling him anything, and now he had said *I'll be by tomorrow* as a piece of information and not as an ask, and she did not know what to do with that.

She did the afternoon walk in town in eighty minutes. Pete was on a phone call when she came in to drop the bin. She put it in the cage and the keys on the hook. She nodded at Pete and he lifted his chin without breaking the call, and she went out before he could come off it and ask her anything.

She picked Hen up at four forty-five, earlier than usual, and Mrs. Thornberg lifted both eyebrows half a millimeter and said nothing, and Hen came out of the rec room with a graham cracker in one fist and a wooden tractor in the other.

"Hen, sweetie. Tractor goes in the basket."

"No."

"Tractor goes in the basket. Then we go home."

Hen put the tractor in the basket with the flat resignation of a person paying a tax. Robin signed her out. She got Hen to the Camry and buckled. Hen looked at her in the rear-view, that level toddler look she had been giving her mother since Wednesday, the look of a small person who had observed her mother kiss a cowboy at a potluck and was waiting to see what came of it.

"Mama."

"Yeah, bug."

"Home."

"Going home."

She drove. She made the macaroni. She let Hen have the second piece of bread because she could not face cutting up an apple. She washed the pot.

Hen was down by seven thirty. Hen had been wrung out by the daycare day in a way that gave Robin an hour and a half before she would have given herself an hour, and Robin set her down with Horse and the quilt and the kissed forehead and shut the door to two inches and went out into the front room.

She sat on the couch.

The coat was right there.

She put her hand on the cuff. The wool was cool, and the pile inside had compressed where it had been folded across the arm for thirty-six hours, and she could feel the shape of his back in the inside of the coat, and she pulled her hand back as if the coat had moved her.

The phone rang.

She let it go three rings. She looked at the screen.

It was Janie.

Janie was Deb Reeves's friend from the clinic in Bozeman, which made her a Cash-and-Deb friend and not really Robin's friend, which was what had made calling her on Wednesday night easier than calling Aunt Ruth. Janie was a vet tech, thirty-seven, divorced since 2020, a black lab named Patsy, a sense of humor harder than Robin's. Robin had called her Wednesday at ten and told her about the kiss in the parking lot, and Janie had said *okay* in a voice that meant *I'm gonna let you have that for a minute*, and they had not talked since.

"Hey."

"Hi."

"How's the toddler."

"She's down."

"You eat."

"I had macaroni."

"Mm. Robin."

"What."

A small pause. Robin could hear something behind Janie that was a TV maybe, and the thump of a dog jumping off a couch, and Janie shushing the dog.

"You been up that road today."

"Janie."

"I'm asking."

"I have a route. Of course I've been up that road today."

"You know what I'm asking."

Robin was quiet. She put her free hand flat on her own thigh and felt her thigh under her palm and she breathed in for four.

"He was at the gate."

"Yeah."

"He had the thermos."

"Yeah."

"I didn't take it."

There was a longer pause this time.

"Robin."

"Janie."

"What are you doing."

"I'm sitting on my couch."

"You know what I mean."

"I'm not interested."

The sentence was in the room before she had decided to put it there. She heard it leave her mouth and she heard it land and she heard Janie hear it land and not say anything for a count of three.

"Okay," Janie said.

"I'm not."

"Okay."

"Janie."

"I said okay."

Robin held the phone away from her ear for a half count and brought it back. Her own breath was loud against the speaker. The freezer cycled in the kitchen, the small sound of the compressor coming on, and the cold snap was outside the window in the dark.

"Janie. I have a kid. I have a route. I have a doublewide that runs at fifty-nine degrees in week two of this kind of weather and I have rent that runs on the fifteenth and I have a Camry that has another six months in it if I'm lucky. I am not in the market for whatever this is."

"I didn't say you were."

"I am telling you I'm not."

"I heard you."

"Okay."

"You called me, honey."

Robin shut her eyes.

"I know."

"Wednesday at ten. Crying a little, in case you're keeping track of the record."

"I wasn't crying."

"Robin."

"I had a thing in my eye."

"Sure."

"Janie."

"I'll let you go. Patsy's got opinions about a stick out by the fence." A small soft sound that was probably Janie putting a hand on the dog's head. "Hey. Listen. Whatever you're doing or not doing. Don't do it on purpose. Okay."

"What does that mean."

"You'll figure it out."

"Janie."

"Sleep good. Kiss Hen."

She hung up.

Robin sat with the phone in her hand for a count of three and then she put it on the cushion and she sat with both hands open on her knees in the same position she had been sitting in when the phone rang, and she did not move for a minute, and then she did not move for two.

The kitchen was on her left, and the front room behind her was dark except for the lamp on the side table, and the sheepskin coat was folded over the arm of the couch in his fold, and her freezer cycled off in the kitchen with the small clunk of a compressor finishing its run, and the silence after the freezer cycled off was a silence she could hear.

She got up and went to the kitchen and put both hands flat on the counter. The Formica was cool through her palms, the kind of cool a counter went to in week two of a snap when the doublewide held at fifty-nine all night, and she pressed her hands flat against the cool and did not move.

She had told Janie *I'm not interested*. She had said the words out loud to a person she had called on purpose forty-eight hours earlier to talk about a man, after kissing him in a parking lot. She had said *I'm not interested* in the kitchen of her own doublewide in the dark with her two-year-old asleep down the hall, and the fact of having said it was a small stone in her chest the size of a key, and the stone was not getting smaller.

The freezer cycled on again.

She counted the cycle. She had been doing that since Hen was a newborn, when the sound of a freezer was the only company she had during the three a.m. feedings, and you learned the cycle and measured the night by it. Forty-three seconds on her freezer. She counted it through. Then she counted it through again.

Ten minutes she stood there.

She did not cry. She had not cried in a kitchen since the August Todd left, which was a piece of information she had told nobody, and she did not cry now. Her eyes did the thing they did. The cold went on outside, and the freezer cycled off and on again, and down the hall Hen made one small sleeping sound that was Horse falling out of the bed, probably, and Robin did not go in to check, because Hen would find Horse in the morning.

After ten minutes she lifted her hands off the counter.

She walked back into the front room. She picked up the sheepskin coat. She held it folded against her chest for a count of four with her face pressed into the wool collar, and the wool collar smelled like hay and woodsmoke and the faint diesel that lived on the cuffs of a man who started his truck before light, and she held it and breathed in and breathed out.

She set it back on the arm of the couch, in his fold.

She went to bed.

***

The Bad Penny was on Park Street between the bakery and the saddle shop. It had been The Bad Penny for nineteen years and the Lucky Strike for eleven before that, and the sign over the door was a big copper coin painted onto a pine plank, *PENNY* under it in a font somebody's brother had picked out in 1995. Wes parked the diesel in the side lot at six forty-five on Thursday evening with a part for the barn's frost-free hydrant in a paper bag on the passenger seat, a long day on his shoulders, and a small cold place behind his sternum that had been there since the morning he had stood in his uncle's dooryard and watched a post-office wagon pull away with a thermos still on its tailgate.

He shut the truck off. He sat for a count of five. Then he got out.

The bar was warm in the warmth of bars, which was bodies and gas heat and the low hum of conversation that happened when twelve people in flannels and Carhartts decided it was Thursday. The Christmas lights along the back bar were the cheap colored kind that had been up since 2008. A pool table on the right, two booths on the left. The Patsy Cline song that was always on came off the jukebox at a volume you could hear without thinking about it.

Sawyer was behind the bar.

Wes had not known Sawyer was behind the bar tonight. Tate had told him at the funeral that Sawyer owned a piece of the place and that his wife, Molly, ran it most nights. Tate had not mentioned that Thursday was her night off. Wes saw Sawyer through the back-bar mirror from the door, set his shoulders, and walked over.

Sawyer was wiping down the wood with a bar rag. He looked up. He registered the wide-brim black felt hat and then the face under it, and the registering took half a beat, and then Sawyer's face did the small unhurried smile of a man recognising another man across thirteen years and more towns than he could count.

"Galloway."

"Wrangel."

"You sit at the bar or you sit at a table."

"Bar."

Wes took the stool at the corner where the bar bent ninety degrees toward the wall. Sawyer came down with a glass and a tap handle and a question already pulled out.

"What's it gonna be."

"Whatever you've got that's cold and not sweet."

"Local pale."

"Yeah."

Sawyer poured.

He set the glass in front of Wes on a coaster that was an old beer label in a clear sleeve, and he stood with both forearms on the bar and looked at Wes for a count, and Wes drank.

"Heard you came home."

"October."

"Sorry about your uncle."

"Thanks."

"Hard knees."

"Hard everything."

Sawyer's mouth did a half-smile. He had been a smokejumper. He had broken a tibia in the summer and Wes had read about it in a forwarded text from Tate, because everybody in the West eventually knew everybody else through a knee or a back or a cigarette in a parking lot at three a.m.

"You at Tom's place."

"Yeah."

"Boarding."

"Boarding."

"You doing it alone."

"For now."

Sawyer wiped the bar in front of him in a small unhurried circle that was not really wiping the bar. He was reading Wes how bartenders read men who came in alone and ordered the cold thing and not the sweet thing on a Thursday at six forty-five.

"You eat."

"I'll eat at home."

"Mm."

He let a beat go by. He picked up Wes's glass without asking, topped it without making a thing of the topping, set it back on the coaster.

"You got a story for me, Galloway."

"No."

"Liar."

"Wrangel."

"That's my name."

Wes looked at him. Sawyer looked back. The thing between them was an old thing, not a deep thing, two cowboys who had been on the circuit overlapping years on different events, who had stood at the same loading chutes in twenty fairgrounds and said *easy* to each other's horses and eaten the same gas-station sandwiches at the same hours, and that was enough.

"There's no story," Wes said.

"All right."

"There's a mail carrier."

Sawyer's eyebrow moved a fraction.

"Out at Tom's."

"My box."

"Yeah."

"Yeah."

Sawyer put both elbows on the bar and looked at the ceiling for a half count and looked back.

"Molly was a bartender," he said. "When I came back in '23. She was at this bar. I sat right where you're sitting. She poured me the same beer you're drinking. She thought I was one more loud cowboy, which to be fair I was, and she had a position on loud cowboys, which to be fair she was right to have. I told her my name and she said *that doesn't help*. Took me four months."

"Four months."

"Four. She was not in a hurry. I learned from it."

"You learned what."

"Not to be in a hurry."

Wes drank.

"How's that working," he said.

"Married her in August."

"That's working."

"Yeah."

Sawyer wiped the wood. He picked up a glass on his right and dried it with the bar towel. He set it on the rack above the back-bar mirror.

"I'm not telling you a thing about your situation, Galloway. I don't know your situation. I know mine."

"All right."

"You patient."

"I can be."

"Be it."

"Yeah."

Sawyer let that sit. Wes drank. The Patsy Cline song ended and a Reba song came on, low and warm, and the door of the bar opened behind them and let in a wedge of cold and two men in feed-store caps who took the booth by the window.

Wes finished the beer.

He put a twenty on the bar. Sawyer took it, made change, slid it back. Wes left half. Sawyer looked at the half-twenty and looked at Wes and did not protest because Sawyer knew when not to protest a tip from a man who could afford it.

"Take care, brother."

"You too."

Wes stood up. He set his hat. He turned to go. Sawyer's voice came at his back, low, the kind of low that was meant to land and not to be heard by the booth.

"Galloway."

He turned.

"She got a kid?"

"Yeah."

"That's a different math."

"I know it."

"Go easy."

"I will."

Wes lifted two fingers off the brim of his hat and went out into the cold. The diesel started on the first turn. He let it warm. He drove the seventeen miles back up the valley with the heater on low and the radio off, and the cottonwoods along the river were a stripe of white-on-white in his headlights, and the small cold place behind his sternum was still there, and it was not a thing he was going to rush.

***

The wagon at five forty-five Friday morning sat in the post-office lot in the same diagonal frost across the windshield that had been on it Thursday and Wednesday and Tuesday before, and Robin walked across the lot with the route bin against her hip and her breath going out white in the parking-lot light.

She started the engine. She let it warm.

She drove.

She did the boxes in the rhythm she did them in. She turned onto Galloway Road at eleven oh nine. She did the Vassar place and the Kemmer place and the Heaton place. She came around the bend by the willows at eleven seventeen, and the bend was sanded and clear, sanded and clear since Tuesday last week when the county had finally graded it.

She did not slow down.

She came up to the cattle guard at eleven nineteen.

The diesel was at the gate.

He was standing by the back of it with the thermos already in his hand, the lid loose, the cup in the air, steam coming up in a column.

She stopped the wagon and looked at the thermos, and then at his face, and she put both hands on the wheel.

She rolled the window down.

"Morning."

"Morning."

He held the thermos out.

She reached through the window and she took the cup with both hands, and the cup was hot through the gloves, and the steam came up into her face and was the first warm thing on it since she had walked from the Camry to Mrs. Thornberg's porch, and she took two swallows and handed it back and did not say thank you because thank you was not the word for what she meant, and he capped it and did not push.

She gave him the bundle.

She drove away.

A mile down the gravel she pulled the wagon onto the shoulder where the willows opened out into the south field and she put both hands flat on the wheel and put her forehead between them, and she stayed there for the count of a breath, and then for the count of another, and the engine ticked, and the wind came around the cab, and she lifted her head and put the wagon back into gear and drove.

She had told Janie *I'm not interested* on a Thursday night at eight oh seven.

She had taken the thermos at eleven twenty on a Friday morning.

The math was the math.
