She woke at five.

She had not decided to. The body had decided. Six years of weekday five-a.m.s, and there was no version of her body going to sleep through the hour her route normally started, even on a Saturday with no route, in a bed that was not hers.

She lay there.

The room was dark. The woodstove had burned down past where she had heard it burn down at the wake-up in the night, and the seam of the door showed an orange line the size of a hairline crack. Wes was breathing slow against her hair. His hand on her stomach was warm, slow heat that had moved through her hips and thighs and was heavier than a quilt.

She listened.

Outside the south window the wind was not running. It had dropped some time after the woodstove burn-down at midnight, and what had taken its place was the sound of the eaves dripping. Slow. Not the fast drip of a thaw, the slow drip of a roof at the back end of a snap when the night's low had come up off the bottom and the iron roof was beginning to surrender warmth back to the morning.

Three drops while she lay there counting. Then four.

She slid out from under his arm.

She did it slow, an inch at a time, the trick she had learned with Hen on the nights Hen fell asleep on her chest. She got her feet over the side of the feather bed and onto the rag rug and held there with her bare feet on the wool, and his breathing did not change.

She found her clothes on the chair, folded. The long-johns and the flannel and the jeans, in the tight shoulder-seam fold of a man who had been folding his own after long days for twenty years on the road, not a hospital-corner thing. He had done it some time after she had fallen asleep, in the dark.

She got dressed. Long-johns. Flannel. Jeans. Wool socks. She did not put the bra back on because the bra was somewhere on the floor and she was not going to dig for it, and the Carhartt would be its own bra for the drive home. She picked the orange hat off the table where he had set it down the night before and carried her boots in her left hand into the front room.

The bedroom door clicked shut behind her at the small thump of a wooden cabin door pulled to. He did not turn.

In the front room she sat on the bench under the pegs and put her boots on. Her gloves were on the bench where he had set them. The Carhartt was on the peg next to the sheepskin. She put it on, zipped it, pulled the orange hat down over her ears.

She did not put the sheepskin on.

She looked at it. The wool collar was half folded down where his shoulder had pushed it down hanging it up the night before. The inside of the coat was where it was. She looked at it for the count of one and opened the door.

The cold came in around her. Her cheeks said *seven below* at the doorway, where yesterday at the cattle guard her cheeks had said *minus eighteen*. Eleven degrees of difference between two mornings, and her body had clocked it before her brain had.

She shut the door behind her, careful with the latch.

The Camry was where she had left it on the gravel. The porch light was on. He had not turned it off. He had left it on for her in the sense of *for you, drive easy*, and she did not look at it too long because she could not afford to.

She walked to the Camry. She got in. The seat was cold through the jeans. The engine caught on the second try because the temperature had come up off the bottom enough to give the battery a fair shake, and the heater was not going to do anything for a while, and the dashboard clock came on at five oh four.

She put both gloved hands on the wheel and did not put the Camry into reverse.

She sat there with the engine running and her breath going out white in the cab. The dashboard clock said five oh four and then five oh five.

Five oh six.

She watched the cabin. The kitchen window was lit and she could not tell whether the light had been on the whole time or whether he had got up and turned it on. The cabin was not making a sound she could hear over her own engine.

Five oh seven.

She had counted minutes on her route for six years. She had counted them at three a.m. on the nights Hen ran a fever in her crib, breath by breath against her own pulse. She knew what a minute was on the inside of her head.

Four minutes.

She sat through the rest of them.

Five oh eight. A single drop of water came off the eave of the cabin porch and hit the boards in the hollow sound of water meeting cold wood. Five oh nine. Two more drops, a beat apart. No vehicle on the county road two miles out, no diesel starting at any of the neighbouring places, no dog. Just the eaves and her breath.

She turned the engine off.

She held a beat with her hands on the wheel and got out.

She shut the door clicking and not slamming. Her boots were loud on the gravel because the cold had hardened the stone and the soles had nothing to give back, and she came up the three steps onto the porch.

The cabin door opened before she got to it.

He was in the bibs and the long-john henley, in his socks, no hat, his hair flat on one side from the pillow, and he was looking at her face. His own face was doing what it had been doing at the porch rail last night, which was nothing on purpose. He had heard the Camry start in his dooryard and he had spent the four minutes deciding to let her come back to the door before he opened it.

He stepped back.

She came in.

He shut the door behind her.

"Morning," he said.

"Morning."

"Coffee."

"Yeah."

He went to the kitchen. She took the Carhartt off and hung it on the peg next to the sheepskin, pulled the orange hat off and stuffed it into the sleeve of the Carhartt, and sat down on the bench and pulled her boots back off and lined them up under the bench next to his pair, which were placed straight and side-by-side, the boot-line of a man who had learned in twenty rodeo bunkhouses what happened when you didn't.

She walked into the kitchen in her socks.

He had the kettle on. He had ground beans in the bottom of the press already, which he had done while she was sitting in the truck, and he was getting two mugs down off the open shelf above the stove. He did not look at her.

"Sit," he said.

She sat at the round table.

He poured the kettle. The press hissed at the bloom. He put the lid on, pressed the plunger slow, poured both mugs, brought them to the table and sat across from her with his hands wrapped around his.

She wrapped hers.

The mug was hot through her bare palms. The coffee in it was strong, made just now by a man who had heard a Camry start outside his door and had got up and put the kettle on and ground the beans and waited.

She drank.

He drank.

Neither of them said anything about the four minutes.

He put his mug down.

"You good," he said.

"Yeah."

"You sure."

"Wes."

"All right."

She looked at his face. The face was doing the steady thing. He was looking at her hands around the mug and at her face and at her hands again, and he was not pushing and he was not waiting for her to perform any explanation about why she had been in the truck and why she had come back, and his mouth was doing the thing that was almost a smile.

"You folded my clothes."

"Yeah."

"In the dark."

"Yeah."

"Why."

"You'd have been mad about a wrinkle."

She made the small sound that was almost a laugh.

He did not smile back yet, but his shoulders came down a quarter inch where they had been up around his neck, and she watched them come down, and she set her mug on the table and stood up.

She walked around the table. She put her left hand on his shoulder where the henley sat under her palm, and her right against his jaw, and she leaned down and put her mouth on his.

He came up under her slower than last night. He had been waiting to find out what he was going to be allowed to do, and now he had been told. His right hand came around at the small of her back, his left came up under her hair, and he stood her up between his knees and opened his mouth against hers, and he tasted like coffee and the kitchen woodsmoke and a clean salt that was just him.

"Bedroom," he said.

"Yeah."

He took her hand. He led her back through the front room into the bedroom, and the bedroom was warm because he had banked the woodstove and added a log when he got up, and the room had come back up to where it had been when she had gone down in it.

The bed was a wreck. He had not made it. The white quilt was at the foot in a heap, the brown one was kicked half off, the flannel one with the cedar smell was somewhere on the floor.

She stood at the foot of it.

He came up behind her. He put his hands at her hips, at the waistband of the jeans she had put on twenty minutes ago, and his mouth came to the side of her neck under the jaw, and he did not unzip her yet.

"Robin."

"Yeah."

"You want this."

"Yeah."

"Tell me."

"I want this."

He turned her slow with one hand at her hip and the other at her shoulder, the same easy hand he would put on a horse he liked, and she came around with her palm flat on his chest. He sat down on the edge of the bed and looked up at her.

"Take it off," he said.

She took it off. The flannel came over her head. The long-johns top came after. She had not put the bra on and so there was nothing under the long-johns, which he had been about to find out anyway, and he made a low sound in his chest that was not a word.

"Come here."

She came to him.

He pulled her down so that her knees came up onto the feather bed on either side of his hips, and she came down on him with her hands on his shoulders, and the bed gave under both of them slow. His hands went to her sides and the heat of his palms went through the skin under her ribs and into her stomach. He did not lift her or move her. He waited for her to figure out where she wanted to be.

She kissed him slow.

She had figured out the slow last night, and now she did it again. His hands stayed at her ribs while she did the figuring, his head tilted back to look up at her, eyes on her face, no hurry. The light through the south window was the blue light of pre-dawn snow, and her hair had come loose at the back of her neck where she had pulled the orange hat off and she could feel it falling forward.

She braided it fast with both hands, into the loose plait she did when she was working, because it was going to be in his face and in hers and she did not want to fight it. He watched her tie it off with the band she always carried on her wrist, and when she dropped her hands he did the almost-smile again.

The braid fell forward over her right shoulder.

"Now what," she said.

"Now I lie back."

"Yeah."

He lay back and brought her down with him by the waist, and she came forward over him with both palms on his chest and her braid swinging forward between them. He reached up and took the end of the braid in his hand without pulling.

She did the work this time.

She unbuckled the bibs. She got them off him. The henley came off after, and the long-johns under, and she did all of it with her knees on either side of his thighs and her hair loose from the braid by the time she was done because the work had loosened it back out, and she did not re-braid it.

She looked at him.

He was looking at her face. He had not looked away from her face once, not when she had unbuckled him, not when she had pulled the henley over his head. His hand had come up to her left breast at some point and was resting there flat without doing a thing, and his other hand was at the back of her thigh, and the heat of both hands was steady.

"Wes."

"Yeah."

"Stay."

"I'm here."

She put her mouth at his collarbone where the salt had been last night. She went down. She stopped at the line of hair at his sternum and stopped at the place under his ribs where she could feel the breath go in and out, and his hand came up into her hair and he made a low sound in his chest she had heard once last night and took as her direction.

She came back up. She got the rest of the way undressed. He helped with the jeans because they were tight at the hip from the snow she had been kneeling in last night. The long-johns pants and the underwear came off, and she came back up over him without any of it, and the cabin had stopped being cold a while ago, and her skin was warm against his skin because his skin was a horse-and-woodstove warm.

"Condom," she said.

"Drawer."

She reached. She got it. She tore it open and rolled it on, and the rolling was slower this morning than it had been last night because last night had been him doing it with his eyes on her face and this morning was her doing it with her eyes on her own hands in the blue light, telling herself plainly that her hands were on him because she had decided her hands were on him.

He was hard against her palm. The first naming was last night, and her body had earned the knowing it had now without needing a word for it.

She came down on him slow.

The slow was the whole thing. He held still under her with both hands at her hips while she figured out where she was going to put her weight, and she figured it out at her own count, time on her side now in a way it had not been on her side last night, and when she had decided he came up under her once with a slow thrust that made her breath go out audibly. Her hands flat on his chest, his hands at her hips, she held him there.

"Wes."

"Yeah."

"Don't move."

"All right."

He didn't move. She moved. She moved slow, the slow that was the gratitude of a woman who had come back inside instead of pulling the Camry out onto Galloway Road in the dark, and she rocked once and then again. His hands stayed at her hips, his thumbs at the inside of her hipbones, the heat of his palms on her skin where her skin was the thinnest. She watched his face do what it did, which was the face of a man who was not going to be the one to break.

She bent forward.

She put her forehead against his collarbone where her teeth had been last night, her braid against his neck, her hands at either side of his head, and she let him take some of the weight. He took it. He came up under her in a longer slower rhythm, and she went somewhere with her face against his collarbone and her breath at his ear, and the low humming in his chest was the thing his face wasn't doing, and she stayed with it.

The latch on the bedroom door clicked.

It was the small click of a wooden cabin door that had been pulled to and not latched the rest of the way, and a body had pushed it open the last quarter inch.

She lifted her head.

Earl walked in.

He came in at his own pace, the unfussed walk of a half-eared barn cat who had been waiting since four a.m. for his people to wake up and produce kibble. He crossed the rag rug, jumped up onto the foot of the bed without acknowledging that the bed was occupied, and sat on the heap of the white quilt looking at the two of them with the patient indignance of a cat who had a position about the schedule.

He began to groom himself.

Wes laughed.

He laughed once into her shoulder, low and unguarded, and the laugh moved through his chest and into her ribs where her hand was. It was a different laugh from last night's surprised one. This was the laugh of a man who had been in a cabin alone with a barn cat for nine weeks and knew what Earl thought of the schedule.

She started laughing.

She had not laughed since some hour in October that she had not registered. She laughed against his collarbone with her braid falling over his shoulder, the cat watching them from the foot of the bed at his own half-eared distance, and the laugh came up out of her in three real pulls before she could put any cap on it, and Wes was laughing under her with his hand at the back of her head.

"Earl," he said.

"Yeah."

"Get."

Earl did not get. Earl licked a paw. Wes laughed again. Robin put her face down into his neck and laughed against the salt of him there, and her hips were still on his, and she felt him in her through the laughing, and the laughing did not make it less. She lifted her head.

"He's not going."

"No."

"Wes."

"He's seen worse."

"Wes."

"I'm sorry, ma'am."

She bent down and kissed him with her mouth full of laugh, and his hands came up to her face, and Earl at the foot of the bed worked on the back of his front leg with the calm of a cat who had decided the room had become his, and the laugh went on inside her chest while the kiss took over her mouth, and she stayed on him slow.

She did not go back to thinking.

She went somewhere else. The somewhere else was the place she had not been in three years, the place that was not the polite place a woman went with a hand and a quiet hour to herself, and she went there with him underneath her in the blue light with the cat on the foot of the bed and his hands at her hips and her braid swinging, and she came with her mouth at his neck and her teeth on the meat of his shoulder where the mark was already going to show from last night.

He came after, with his hand at her braid and his face in the side of her neck, low.

She held still.

She held still on his chest with her ear against his sternum and his heart going, and his hand on her back between her shoulder blades, and Earl had finished with the front leg and was working on the second, and the second woodstove ticked, and outside the south window the eaves were dripping in the slow steady rhythm of a roof at the back end of a snap.

"Cat," she said, low.

"He's seen worse."

"You said."

"I'm saying it again."

She had been told she was not going home today by her own laugh ten minutes ago, and now she was not pretending she did not know it, and the four minutes she had counted in the Camry were not a thing she was going to need to count again.

She rolled off him slow.

She came down beside him with her face against his shoulder. He pulled the brown quilt up over both of them. Earl walked up the bed and sat on the small of her back, which she let him do, because he had earned it.

She slept again for an hour.

***

She woke at seven to the smell of bacon.

The blue light was gone and a flat winter light was coming in through the south window. The snow outside was no longer the dry dust it had been yesterday. It had a wet weight to it, the snow of an inch settled overnight when the high had come up off the bottom and the air had got a margin to spare.

She got up. She dressed. She put the bra on this time because she had remembered where it was. She walked into the kitchen in her socks.

Wes was at the stove.

"Eggs."

"Yeah."

"How."

"However."

He cracked four. He cooked them in the bacon fat. He did not say anything while he cooked, and she sat at the round table with a fresh mug of coffee he had poured before she sat down, and she watched him cook eggs in his own kitchen in his bibs and his henley and his socks, and the cold place behind her sternum that had been there since some hour in October was not there.

He set the plate in front of her.

"Hen," she said.

"Yeah."

"I'm picking her up at one. From Ruth's in Bozeman."

"All right."

"I have to leave by twelve."

"All right."

"Wes."

"Yeah."

"Come with me."

He did not look up from his own plate for a count of two. Then he did.

"To Ruth's."

"To the road. You can wait in the truck. I'm not bringing you in to her today."

"All right."

"Tomorrow's a different math."

"Yeah."

He ate.

She ate. She had three bites in her before she registered she was hungry, and then she ate the rest of the plate at a rate she had not eaten a plate at in a week. He gave her the last of his bacon without making a thing of it.

After breakfast they went out to the barn.

The barn was warm in its accidental way, fourteen horses' worth of warm, and she watched him do the morning round at the buckets with the unfussed walk he had used at the chain and the kettle and the eggs. She stood at the open barn door and felt the eaves dripping behind her on the porch of the house. Earl came out and lay in a sun-square on the south wall and did not move except to flick his tail at a fly that had not yet thought through its life choices.

The thermometer on the side of the barn read twenty-two. By eleven it would be thirty. By Christmas Eve afternoon it would be thirty-eight, as the radio had been saying for two days, and the snap was going to break, and she could already feel the air doing the work of breaking it under her boots on the slush at the threshold of the barn.

She drove out at twelve.

He walked her to the Camry. He had her gloves and her hat in his hand from the bench. He gave them to her. She put the gloves on, the hat on. She turned to open the driver's-side door, and his hand stopped her at the elbow.

"Wait."

He went back up the three steps. He took the sheepskin off the peg by the door. He came back down with it folded over his arm in the fold he always folded it in, stepped to her left, and put it across her shoulders. The wool collar came up under her ear. The inside of the coat held the remembered warmth of a morning at a woodstove.

She did not say *you don't need it*.

He did not say *I'll bring it tomorrow*.

He stepped back.

"Drive easy."

"I will."

She got in. He shut the door for her clicking and not slamming. She looked at him through the glass with the coat across her shoulders and lifted two gloved fingers off the wheel. He lifted two off his own where his hand was at his hip.

She backed down the gravel.

She drove the seventeen miles into Bozeman with the heater on low and the coat across her shoulders and her right hand on her own thigh through the wool collar where it had fallen. The cottonwoods along the river were a stripe of white-on-white through her windshield, the meltwater running in the borrow ditches in the dark threads of a valley deciding to give up on a snap, and she was at Aunt Ruth's at one oh four with Hen waiting in the front window in her snowsuit and Horse upside down in her left mitten. Robin carried the coat into the house without thinking about it because the coat went where she went now.

She drove home with Hen asleep in the car seat and the coat folded on the passenger seat, the heater on low, the slush going dark under her tires at the corner of Yellowstone and Park.

At the doublewide she carried Hen in and the coat in after.

She hung it on the wooden peg by the front door where the Carhartt had been hanging two days ago when the world had been a different size, and the coat sat on the peg in his fold, and she stood in the front room in her socks and looked at it.

The peg was the right place for it.
