1:02 p.m. Center Court. The umpire said *Auster-Auerbach to serve* in the voice of a man who had been doing this since the Reagan years.

The Spanish pair was on the deuce side: Aitor Solà on the ad, his partner Itziar Goyena on the deuce. Itziar had been WTA top-twenty in singles in 2009 and had not stopped moving since. Aitor had been a doubles lifer for twenty-one years and had three Slam finals on his back without a win. They were the harder draw, frankly, than the French. Itziar's second serve was the thing.

Tess had her gut at fifty-six in her right hand and a ball in her left and the umpire's chair on her right and the camera well at her back. Her first serve went two-thirty up the T at one-oh-one. Itziar got a piece of it. The ball came back loopy and short. I closed at the net and put it away to Aitor's backhand alley.

"Good start." I tapped the racquet butt against hers.

"It's a start."

We held to fifteen. We held the next two. We broke Aitor's serve at four all on a netted return I did not even need to touch. Set one was six to four ours in thirty-eight minutes. The crowd was friendly without being loud. The grass was good. The grass was so good that I noticed myself noticing it, which is the kind of thing you notice when you are forty-four on a court you have not played since 2004.

Set two went the other way. Itziar found her second serve at three all and started kicking it into the body, which is the trick if you can hit the body, which the player who has been on tour twenty years usually can. Tess took two on the chest at four three and made the face that meant she had cataloged where the ball had been and would carry the catalog to the next return. I gave her the racquet-tap again at the changeover. She nodded once. We dropped serve at four five and Aitor served it out at five seven.

We sat on the bench, towels on heads, the umpire announcing the third set's serve order. The Spanish woman drank from a bottle on her side of the chair and looked at Tess the way a player looks at a player she has decided is good but tired. I registered the look. I did not name it to Tess.

"His wrist," Tess said, under the towel.

"On the second serve."

"He drops the right elbow first. The wrist follows."

"You're sure."

"I am sure since the second game."

"Why are you only telling me now."

"I wanted to be sure."

"You are insulting."

"You will live."

The third set went six to three ours. Tess hit her best forehand return of the week at four all on a Solà second serve that came in with the elbow we had been talking about. I closed and the ball went to Itziar's feet at the baseline and her racquet went to one side of it and the point was over. We broke. I held. We held again. Match.

Handshake at the net was the handshake all four of us had been doing since we were children. Itziar said *good match* in the English a Spaniard uses when they have no further commentary to offer. Aitor said *suerte* and meant it. The umpire came down to shake hands with us out of habit from a different tour and recovered halfway through. The broadcaster's man with the microphone met us at the net cord.

"Jude, Tess, three setter in the heat, talk us through the third."

"We adjusted." I had been doing on-court interviews since the Clinton administration. The phrasing wrote itself. "Itziar's second serve was the thing in the second set. We took some pace off our returns in the third and let the ball come."

"And the chemistry out there. It's been twelve years, fifteen, since you two were partnered in 2011, is that right."

"Fifteen."

"Looks like it's never left."

"The chemistry of two professionals." I said it flatly enough that the man in the polo shirt with the microphone moved his eyebrows once and decided not to follow up.

"Tess. Forehand return at four all in the third."

"It was there."

"Anything else you'd like to add."

"It was there."

The crowd laughed once, in the section behind the umpire's chair, the way the crowd laughs at Tess when Tess decides to be Tess. The broadcaster's man thanked us. We walked off. I carried both bags. Tess held the door of the player corridor for the ball kid behind us. The ball kid said *thanks Mr. Auster* and I said *thanks pal* because we had been doing this since 2003.

3:51 p.m. The Subaru smelled of sunscreen and grass and somebody's salt-vinegar chips from the deli lunch on Wednesday. I had not aired the car since Tuesday and the car was going to keep smelling like sunscreen and grass until October. I had won and lost matches in cars that smelled like this for twenty years. The Subaru would not let go of August until November.

I put the bags in the back. Tess got in the passenger side without speaking. I got in the driver side without speaking. The dashboard said ninety-one outside. The dashboard said three fifty-three. I pulled out of the player lot and turned right onto Memorial and the August light was through the windshield at the angle that made the cracked windshield seal at the top right corner look like a hairline fracture in glass. The seal was not a fracture. The seal was rubber.

"Second serve to his backhand on the kick," she said.

"On the second-set tiebreak break point. If we get one tomorrow."

"We will get one tomorrow."

"You good."

"Yes."

"Hip."

"Fine."

"Tess."

"I said fine, Jude."

I drove. She drank from a bottle of water that had been in the cup holder since 8 a.m. and was warm. She made a face at the warm and put it back. I did not make a face at her making a face because I had learned in 2011 that making faces at Tess making faces was an escalation and the escalation was not winnable.

I parked at the Cape at 4:11 p.m. The light on the porch brass was hot again. I had not learned that the porch brass would be hot at four in August because I had not been in a Cape in Newport in August before. I had been in a Cape in Maine in August. The Maine brass was cool.

I got the bags out. Tess got out of the passenger side with the warm water bottle in her hand. She walked to the porch and then through the porch and into the kitchen ahead of me. I followed her with both bags because the bags were on my shoulders. The screen door ticked. The kitchen was cooler than the porch by four degrees. The half-bath door off the kitchen was open. The light was off in the half-bath. She walked into the half-bath without breaking stride.

I stopped in the kitchen doorway because the half-bath was three feet from where I was standing and the door was open three inches and she was inside it.

"I'm just splashing my face." Her voice, through the gap.

"Okay."

I set her bag on the chair by the table. I set my bag on the floor. I should have gone upstairs.

She was at the sink. Her back was to the door. The mirror was small and old and the silvering had come off in two spots along the top edge. I saw her face in the mirror around the silvering. Her hair was up. The back of her neck was wet. The neckline of the practice shirt clung at the shoulder blades. Her right hand was flat on the porcelain ledge in the position it had been flat on the kitchen tile at half past seven that morning.

She turned.

I did not move.

She looked at me looking at her in the doorframe of a half-bath in a rented Cape on a Friday in August and she did not move either.

"Jude."

"Yes."

"Close the door."

I closed the door.

4:21 p.m. Half-bath.

The porcelain at the small of my back was cold. The tile under my right foot was warm. The cracked tile under his right foot. I noticed the crack before I noticed his foot on it because he had bare feet and I had bare feet and the crack ran from the wall to the center of the room in a line that some grout person in 1991 had not addressed.

His hand at my jaw.

Mine at the front of his shirt.

"Tess."

"Don't."

"Don't what."

"Don't ask if I'm sure."

"I wasn't going to."

"You had the breath in for it."

He was not going to. I could see it in his face. I made the small face at him that meant I was registering the not-asking, and he made the small face back that meant he'd caught it land, and the exchange took two seconds. *Fifteen years and we still do this in two seconds.* I did not say it. I said his name. I said it the way I had not said it since 2011 and the saying-it was an event in itself, separate from anything else that was about to happen, an event that he registered with his whole face for one beat and then put away because the body had decided already and the face was running behind.

His mouth.

I was not the body that had walked into the bathroom. I was somewhere else. His mouth moved from my mouth to under my jaw and the wet of the practice shirt at my collarbone went cold and he made the small sound a man makes when he has been good at not doing something for four days and has stopped being good at it.

The practice shirt came off. Mine, then his.

His chest. Forty-four. Hair grey in two places it had not been grey in 2011. A scar at the right shoulder I had not known about. *Surgery. He had a surgery.* I did not say it. I would not ask about it now. The data went into the file with the other data.

His hands at the waistband of the practice skirt. His hands had not changed. The pad of the thumb on the inside of my hip, the place where the resurfacing scar ran in a curve, the place where the surgeon had cut in 2017 and where the body had remembered the cut for nine years. His thumb stopped there. He did not look at it. He looked at me.

"Yeah."

"Yeah."

The skirt came down. The shorts under the skirt came down. His were down. His cock was hard against my stomach. I registered the heat of it and the weight of it and the specific fact of it, present tense, in a half-bath on a Friday afternoon in Newport in August. I did not narrate the registering. The body was doing the work.

He lifted me onto the sink ledge.

The porcelain was cold. The cold of porcelain against the small of the back after a three-set match in August is its own sensation. Specific. I would not have been able to predict it. The body had not been on a sink ledge since 2014. The body had not been on a sink ledge with him ever.

His hand between my thighs.

"Okay."

"Okay."

The angle was wrong.

He shifted his right foot on the cracked tile. The tile gave half a centimetre and his foot slipped a half-inch and he caught the sink rim with his left hand to hold his weight off me. The sink complained. The sink had been bolted to the wall in 1962. The bolts said something in their language about how much they had agreed to support.

"Okay."

"Okay."

He came in.

"There," she could have said, and didn't.

The body did the thing the body does when the body has decided. Sound. Out of me. Not authorized. I did not authorize it. He made a sound back that I did not authorize either. His forehead was at my temple. Sweat. His or mine. The smell was sunscreen and grass and the sharper, lower smell of two people who had just played a three-set match in ninety-one degrees and had not yet showered.

He moved.

The angle was still wrong.

He moved again, slower, the way a man moves who has decided to fix the angle by feel and not by looking, and the second movement was the one that worked, and the third was the one I felt in my teeth.

My hip clicked.

The right hip. The resurfaced hip. The hip that the body has been declaring opinions about since 2017. It clicked the way a knuckle clicks. Audible. Specific. He froze. I froze.

We looked at each other.

"The hip is the hip," I said.

He laughed. Once, into my collarbone, a real laugh, the kind a person laughs when they are inside another person and the other person has just made a joke they did not authorize either. His shoulders shook for one beat. He recovered. The laugh did not undo it. The laugh was inside it.

"Yeah," he said.

"Keep going."

He kept going.

The angle worked now. The angle worked the way the angle works when two people have stopped being careful about the angle. He had one hand at the side of my hip where the click had been, the pad of his thumb on the curve of the surgical scar, his hand registering the scar without registering it for me to see. My hand was at the back of his neck. My other hand was on the porcelain ledge. The cold porcelain. The bolted sink. The cracked tile. The smell.

I could hear myself breathing.

I could hear him breathing.

The heat started low. Low and slow, the way it had not started in fifteen years for me, the way it had not started in this body since the resurfacing because the resurfacing had taken some of the wiring with it and I had assumed the wiring was gone for good and I had not corrected the assumption. The wiring was not gone. The wiring had been waiting.

The heat spread.

It went up. It went into the back of my throat. It went into the place behind my eyes where the world narrows. The world narrowed.

"Jude."

"Yeah."

"Jude."

I came.

The sound that came out of me was the sound of a person who had not made the sound since 2014. The body remembered the sound the way the body had remembered the serve. The sound was loud. The door was open three inches because he had closed it and the door had not latched because the latch in a rented Cape's half-bath in 1962 does not latch in 2026 either, and the sound went past the gap in the door into the kitchen where his racquet bag and my racquet bag were on the chair beside the table. Nobody was in the kitchen. Nobody was in the Cape. The Cape was empty. The Cape held the sound.

He came thirty seconds after.

Forehead at my temple. The grey hair at his temple against my forehead. Sweat. His. Mine. Both. The shaking, his, that ran through the place where his thumb was at the curve of my hip. The shaking, mine, that ran through the back of my neck where his other hand was. The two shakings did not match. The not-matching was its own thing.

He stayed in me for a beat.

He pulled out.

There was a mess after, the way there is. His come on the inside of my thigh. The hand towel was on the rack by the door. He reached for it without speaking and gave it to me. I took it. I cleaned myself. He cleaned himself with the corner I had not used. The hand towel was now something that would have to be dealt with. Neither of us spoke about the hand towel. The hand towel went in the sink.

I sat on the sink ledge in nothing.

He stood in front of me in nothing.

The half-bath was the size of a closet. The light from the small frosted window above the toilet was the August four-thirty light, slanted. The light fell on the cracked tile in a parallelogram. My right foot was on the cracked tile. His left foot was on the cracked tile. Our feet were three inches apart. The crack ran between them.

"Tess."

"Yeah."

"You good."

"I'm good."

"The hip."

"The hip is fine. The click was a click."

"Stop saying things twice."

"You started it."

"I did not start it."

"You laughed."

"I laughed at you."

"Same thing."

He smiled. The smile was the smile from 2011, smaller and one corner of the mouth more than the other, and I registered the smile and did not, for once, look away from the registering. He kissed me on the forehead. The forehead kiss after a half-bath sink-ledge fuck in a rented Cape in Newport is its own register. I would not have been able to predict the register. The register was tender.

He stepped back.

He picked up his practice shorts. He pulled them on. He picked up the practice shirt and looked at it and decided against it; the practice shirt was soaked. He put it over his shoulder. He looked at me on the sink ledge with the towel in my lap and made the small face that meant he was not going to leave the half-bath first because leaving first would be a statement, and I made the small face back that meant he could go and that the not-leaving-first was registered.

"I'll shower upstairs," he said.

"I'll do the half-bath sink."

"There's no shower in the half-bath, Tess."

"I will splash."

"You will splash."

"That was the plan when I came in here."

"Plan's holding up better than the sink."

"The plan held up."

He left. The door, this time, latched, because the door latches from outside if you pull it shut by the knob from the kitchen side. I sat on the sink ledge for one minute. The minute was a minute I needed. The body needed the minute. The body had been somewhere and was coming back. The mirror with the silvering off in two spots at the top showed me a face I recognized and a face I did not.

I splashed. I dressed. I came out of the half-bath at 4:51 p.m. The kitchen was empty. The upstairs water was running. He was in the upstairs shower.

I sat at the kitchen table.

The racquet bags on the chair beside the table. His black overgrip frayed at the butt-cap. My white-with-blue. The small piece of grass between them from Tuesday, still there, four days into a six-day clock. I did not move the grass.

5:08 p.m. Upstairs water off.

5:09 p.m. His feet on the floorboards above the kitchen. The third step from the top creaked. The hallway light upstairs adjusted. The door of the smaller bedroom closed and then opened. He came down at 5:13 in clean shorts and a Tee with a tennis academy logo I did not look at long enough to read. His hair was wet at the back. The water ran off his hair onto the back collar of the Tee and made the cotton dark in a half-moon under the logo.

"Cocktail," he said.

"I'm not going."

"Neither am I."

"Okay."

"I'm texting Owen."

"Okay."

Owen was the tournament director's assistant; we had both met him at Tuesday's check-in. Jude pulled out his phone at the counter, leaned his elbow on the yellow tile in the place where the yellow tile was the yellow that had been chosen in 1962 and was not apologising, and typed with his thumb.

*Owen. Tess and I are skipping the cocktail tonight. Recovering for semifinal. Apologies to the sponsors. We'll be at the dinner Saturday and any media you need Sunday.*

He showed me the screen. I nodded. He sent it.

The reply came at 5:42 p.m.

*Totally fine. The sponsor rep gets it. Rest up. See you tomorrow at the lounge.*

Jude put the phone face-down on the counter. The kitchen ticked. The refrigerator did its old thing under A. The yellow tile counter was the yellow it had been at 9:30 Tuesday morning when we had walked into the Cape for the first time. The half-bath door was closed.

I stood up. I went to the porch. The screen door ticked.

He came out behind me with two glasses of water. He sat in the rocker. I sat in the wicker chair. The rocking chair gave one beat under his weight. The wicker chair was older than the rocker and it gave nothing. We did not speak for eleven minutes by the porch clock.

"Chowder," he said.

"Yes."

"The place on Thames."

"Yes."

"I'll go."

"Take the cash on the counter."

"There is no cash on the counter."

"There is twenty dollars under the salt shaker."

"There is no salt shaker."

"There is a salt shaker, Jude."

"All right."

He stood. The rocker gave its rocker-beat back to the floor. He went into the kitchen. I heard him find the twenty. He came back through the porch and put a hand on the back of my chair for one beat as he passed and went out through the screen door. The screen door ticked. He came back at 7:11 with two cardboard cups of chowder and two plastic spoons in a paper bag.

7:15 p.m. Chowder on the porch.

The chowder was New England, the cream version, oyster crackers in a small bag. The oyster crackers were stale because the place on Thames had not had a delivery since Tuesday. He gave me the bag without comment. I crushed the crackers into the chowder. He did not crush his.

"You'll regret it," he said.

"Crackers in chowder is the system."

"You have a chowder system."

"I have a chowder system. It is not for everyone."

"It is not for me."

"I noticed."

He ate. I ate. The porch clock said seven twenty-eight. He had to call Carlsbad at seven Pacific, which was ten p.m. Eastern, which was two hours and thirty-two minutes away. I had two hours and thirty-two minutes to not look at the bedroom door upstairs and to not think about the hand towel that was in the half-bath sink and that I had not yet put in a laundry bag and that we had no laundry bag for. The Cape did not come with a laundry bag. I had a plastic shopping bag from the deli in my own bag. That would do for a laundry bag.

The thought of the plastic shopping bag was the thought of a person who had been a tournament professional and was, again, a tournament professional. I had a system for hand towels by the time I was twenty-three, and the system was working on a Friday in August in Newport in a kitchen I would not see again.

At 8:14 p.m. he called Mae.

He sat in the rocker with the phone at his ear. The porch screen ticked. I sat in the wicker chair with my chowder cup empty in my lap and the spoon balanced across the rim. I could hear Mae through the speaker without trying. He had the volume up because he was forty-four and the volume had crept up over the last decade. Iris was at her friend's. Henry had a cold. Mae had run the box drill seven times and the seventh was better than the first; I heard him tell her *good, the seven counts*. Mae asked about the match. He said three sets, won. She asked about the Spanish woman. He said top twenty in singles in oh-nine. Mae said yeah I looked her up. He said of course you did.

He did not say Tess's name on the call. Tess was, on the porch, three feet from him in a wicker chair.

I did not let my face show what my face would show if I were being watched.

He hung up at 8:31. He did not look at me. He set the phone face-down on the porch table, on the wood, next to the chowder cups.

8:32 p.m.

"Mae says hi."

"She does not."

"She did not. I am pre-empting the question you would have asked tomorrow."

"I would not have asked."

"You would have."

"Jude."

"Yeah."

"It's fine."

"What's fine."

"That you did not say my name."

"Tess."

"It's fine. It's the right call."

"It is the right call."

"I know it is. That's why I said it."

He looked at me. The grey at the temple closer to me, more of it than not. The line at the outside corner of his right eye. The face had changed and the face was still the face. He did not say what he was thinking. I did not say what I was thinking. We sat. The wicker chair did not give. The rocker gave one beat under his shift of weight. The porch clock said eight thirty-four.

I stood at 9:12 p.m.

"Bed," I said.

"Yeah."

"Semifinal at two."

"Two."

"Right."

I went into the kitchen. The hand towel was in the half-bath sink. I took the plastic shopping bag out of my bag in the kitchen, walked the three steps to the half-bath, picked the hand towel out of the sink, put it in the plastic shopping bag, tied the plastic shopping bag in a knot, and set the plastic shopping bag on the floor by the kitchen back door where the trash bags went on Sunday. The hand towel would be dealt with on Sunday.

I went upstairs. He stayed on the porch.

The third step from the bottom creaked. The fourth did not. The fifth creaked lower. I had memorized the staircase by Wednesday morning. The body had memorized it. The feet did their own arithmetic now and the head did not have to attend.

11:40 p.m. Upstairs bedroom.

I had not slept. The window was open onto the back yard's magnolia hedge. The August dark smelled of the magnolias and the warm asphalt of Bellevue cooling. My bare foot was on the bedroom floorboards on the side of the bed nearer the door. The floorboard under my foot was cool. The cool ran up the inside of my arch into the bone of the ankle. The cool stayed.

The hallway light upstairs was off. His door at the end of the hall was closed.

I did not know if he was sleeping.

I knew I was not.
