9:30 p.m. Kitchen.

He had brought the chowder up the porch steps in a paper bag from the same place on Thames Street that had done it on Friday, and the paper bag had a translucent ring at the bottom where the cup had wept through. He set it on the porch table. The two cardboard cups had plastic lids. The plastic lids said *HOT*. The plastic lids had been saying *HOT* in Newport for thirty years.

"Clam chowder," he said.

"Clam chowder."

*Clam chowder is the clam chowder.* The line arrived in my head fully formed, and I noticed it arriving, and I noticed myself noticing, and I made a small face at myself in the porch screen for the tic of it. I had been doing the construction all week, in my head, three or four times a day, and the porch screen caught me at it. I let it go. The thought had had its little outing.

We ate the chowder on the porch. He had crackers; I had crackers. The crackers were the small octagonal kind in the cellophane two-pack that nobody has ever bought in a grocery store and which appear in every coastal New England take-out bag as if by tide. The Bellevue magnolia held its bloom. Somebody three houses down was running a sprinkler at 9:34 p.m., which I judged ungenerous of them, August or no August.

"You're being judgmental about a sprinkler," he said.

"I am."

"I can see it on you."

"Good."

He laughed once into his cup, the laugh of a person who had been wanting to laugh for several minutes and had been waiting for an acceptable hand-off. I drank my chowder. The chowder was thick on the spoon and thin at the rim of the cup and I had eaten clam chowder in twenty restaurants in fifteen years and this one was, as we had agreed on Friday, the right one. I did not say so again. He did not either.

We stacked the cardboard cups inside each other and put them in the bag with the spoons. He carried the bag inside. I watched the magnolia. The porch-light moth from last night, or a moth with the same résumé, was at the screen. It tapped twice and rested.

He came back out.

"Dish soap," he said.

"What about it."

"There is a brand of dish soap that smells like a Marriott."

"Yes."

"This kitchen's dish soap smells like a Marriott."

"It's because it is a Marriott dish soap. They sell a half-gallon of it to vacation rentals."

"I'm forty-four years old, Tess, and I have had three different dish soaps in my house since the divorce."

"I have had two."

"Which two."

"The hotel soap that the cleaner left and a Method one I bought because I felt the hotel soap was making me sad."

"My three are: hotel, the green one, and the one Iris picked because of the duck."

"There's a duck one."

"There's a duck one."

"I am going to be honest with you. Until forty-five seconds ago I would have said I did not have an opinion about dish soap."

"You have an opinion about dish soap."

"I have an opinion about dish soap."

"Home is the dish soap of a person who knows where the dishtowel goes," he said. He said it dry. He said it the way he said things when he was pleased with himself and would not say so. He picked up the bag with the chowder cups and went back inside.

I sat on the porch.

The moth tapped.

*

9:54 p.m. Kitchen.

I rinsed the spoons. The cold side of the tap was stiff. I pushed it. He had pushed it the night I had come down for the glass of water on Tuesday and he had told me, *stiff, the cold, push it*, and I had pushed it, and I had gone back upstairs, and the stair-creaks had been on the second and the third and the fifth, lower. I rinsed the spoons. The Marriott soap smelled like a Marriott. I put the spoons in the rack. He took the dishtowel off the handle of the oven and I watched his hand take it and put it back not on the handle of the oven, on the hook by the sink, where the dishtowel went.

He had figured it out at some point during the week and not told me.

He saw me see him do it.

"I'm going up," I said.

"I'm going up too."

9:58 p.m. Stairs.

She went first. Her left foot on the first step, then the second; the second creaked the way it creaked, a Cape stair's small Augusty complaint. The third step did not creak. The fourth step did not creak. The fifth step creaked, lower, the way it had creaked Tuesday at 10:32 p.m. when she had come down for the glass of water and the way it had creaked at 12:09 a.m. on Thursday when I had not been able to sleep and had stood in the dark kitchen and pretended I was getting a glass of water and the way it had creaked every time either of us had used the stairs for six days.

Her bedroom door was open.

She had left it open.

She had not left it open before.

I stood on the landing. The hallway upstairs ran the length of the house. The bathroom door at the end was closed. My door, the smaller bedroom, was four feet to my left. Her door, the bigger bedroom that faced Bellevue, was seven feet to my right. The light in her room was on. The light was the bedside lamp; the overhead in that room had been broken since at least Tuesday and neither of us had told the landlord.

I went to her door.

She was inside. She had taken off her cardigan and laid it across the foot of the bed. The window was open onto Bellevue. The screen was old. There was a moth at the screen, the same moth or an identical moth, and the cool air from the street was coming in around the edges of the screen frame where the screen had been cut to the wrong size in 1996.

"Hi," I said.

"Hi."

"I am standing in your doorway."

"I see that."

"I am asking."

"You are asking."

"Yes."

"Come in."

I came in. I closed the door behind me. The door's old brass catch made its small click. I had not slept with anyone since 2024. The 2024 thing had been short and friendly and the woman had been a parent at the academy and we had both been clear with each other that it was short and friendly. I had not slept with Tess since never. The two facts sat in my head together for one beat and then they went back to being two facts.

She was standing at the window with her back to me. She was in the shorts and the long T-shirt, the academy T-shirt the wrong size, the one she had been wearing Tuesday night when she had come down for the water. The T-shirt was washed thin at the shoulder. Her hair was up in a knot. The knot had been up since the porch.

She turned.

"You took your time," she said.

"It is Sunday."

"It is."

"We have lost a tennis match. We have eaten clam chowder. We have settled the question of dish soap."

"We have."

"This is the second service."

"You said it."

"I have been waiting to say it."

"How long."

"Wednesday."

"That tracks."

I crossed the room. The floorboards under the rug did the Cape's small old thing they did. She was three feet from me and then she was one foot from me and then she was not in feet. I put my right hand on her jaw. I had had my right hand on her jaw never. I had had my right hand on the small of her back on Wednesday for three seconds in front of a camera. The jaw was different. The jaw was not contractually fine. The jaw was the thing I had wanted to do with my right hand since Tuesday at 10:32 when she had walked past me in the kitchen with the empty water glass and the back-of-the-knee dent.

She kissed me first.

It was not a long first kiss. It was the kiss of a person who had been thinking about a kiss for six days and did not want to spend any more time on the first one when the second one was where she wanted to be. The first one was a placeholder. The first one was Tess being Tess about a doorway.

The second kiss took its time. Her hand on the back of my neck. My right hand still on her jaw, my left going to her hip. Her right hip clicked once under my palm, the small bone-noise from Friday, and we both laughed against each other's mouths without breaking the kiss. The hip was a piece of equipment we had agreed about. I left my hand on it. She made a sound at the back of her throat that I did not have a sentence for. I had been a man who heard sentences in his head for forty-four years. The sound did not need one.

"Light," she said.

"On or off."

"On."

"Yes."

"I want to see you."

"Yes."

The lamp stayed on. She pulled the T-shirt off over her head and the T-shirt caught on the knot in her hair and we both laughed and she said *help* and I helped, and the T-shirt came off, and the knot came down with it. Her hair was longer than I had clocked. Her hair was the colour her hair had always been. I put my hand in it.

10:04 p.m. The bed.

He sat on the edge of the bed and I unbuttoned his shirt and the third button was the kind of small plastic button that has been mass-produced since 1987 and the third button caught on its own thread and he said *just rip it* and I said *no* and I worked it free, because I am a person who works things free, and the button came loose, and I set it on the bedside table because the button was a button and the button had not done anything wrong.

He laughed. He was watching me with the button.

"You can't help it," he said.

"I can't."

"The button is fine."

"The button is fine now."

I pushed the shirt off his shoulders. His shoulders were the shoulders of a man who had lived at the net for fifteen years and at the baseline of an academy court for ten more. There was a tan line at the bicep where the sleeve of his match shirts ended. There was a tan line at the collarbone. The skin under the tan lines was paler. There was a small scar at the side of the right pec from something he had not told me about and would tell me about later or would not. I did not ask. There was grey at the hair on his chest.

He was watching me look.

"You're reading me," he said.

"I am."

"Read all you want."

"Don't get cocky."

"I am cocky."

He pulled me onto the bed. The mattress took my weight. The mattress was the kind of mattress a rental Cape has had on it since the springs were assembled in 1979 and the cover was added in 1982 and the cover was replaced in 1998 and the springs themselves had never been touched. He went up onto his right forearm above my shoulder.

The bed gave.

Three-quarters of an inch, on the right, two inches below the headboard.

The bed creaked.

The bed creaked like a porch step. The bed creaked like the second step of the Cape stairs at 10:32 p.m. on a Tuesday. The bed creaked.

We both froze.

We both looked down at the mattress.

"The rental Cape is asking us a question," he said, low.

I laughed into his shoulder. He laughed into my hair. He was shaking with the laugh and trying not to and I was shaking with the laugh and not trying not to, and the moth at the screen tapped, and the cool air from Bellevue came through the screen, and the bedside lamp threw the light on the wall behind his head.

"Shift left," I said.

"Shift left."

He shifted left. The soft-spot creaked once more on the way out from under his forearm, a smaller creak, the wood of the box-spring resettling. He came down with his forearm in a different place. The bed held. He looked at me.

"Better," I said.

"Better."

He kissed me again. The kiss was longer this time and he tasted like the chowder and the cracker salt and a little like the soap from the kitchen sink which I had been thinking about three minutes ago and which I stopped thinking about because his mouth was on my throat. His mouth was on my throat. His mouth was lower than my throat. The bedside lamp threw the light on his back and the back was a back. The back of a man who had served two hundred thousand serves. I did not narrate this. I did the opposite of narrating. I lay there with my hand in his hair and my eyes on the ceiling fan that was not on and I let my body do its first piece of work without my interference.

His hand was on my breast. His hand was on my breast and his thumb was on my nipple and his thumb was the thumb that had stopped moving on the racquet handle on Saturday at the changeover at four-all in the second set and which I had seen stop before I had seen him, and the thumb was moving now, on me, slow, in a small slow circle that did not change its speed and that did not need to. I made a sound. The sound was a Friday-half-bath sound with room around it.

"Tess."

"Yes."

"Look at me."

"Yes."

I looked at him. He had not used my name in bed yet. Friday he had not used my name; Friday had been *fuck* and *do not stop* and *here, here, here* and a single *yes*. He used my name now. I let myself have it.

"Jude."

"There."

"There."

The bed creaked again. Both of us on the soft-spot together; my hip on the dip, his knee braced on the lip of it. The creak was a longer one this time, three notes, a sigh from the box-spring, the porch step of the box-spring giving its complaint. He pulled back six inches.

"This bed," he said.

"This bed."

"We are not sleeping on this bed."

"Half the mattress is fine."

"Half the mattress is fine if I never put my weight on the other half."

"Then put your weight on the other half."

He laughed. He pulled me with him over to the left side of the bed where the springs had not yet retired and arranged me on top of him. His hands on my hips. My knees on either side of his hips. The bed under us held. He was hard against me. He was hard against me through the shorts I still had on, which I had forgotten about, which I now took off, which involved a small ungraceful maneuver because the shorts had a drawstring and the drawstring was knotted because I had double-knotted the drawstring three years ago after a yoga incident and the double knot had outlived two relationships and one move. I picked at it.

"Tess."

"The knot is tight."

"Let me."

"I have it."

I had it. The knot came free. The shorts came off. He looked at me. He looked at me without moving his hands for a count of three. I had been looked at by men. I had been looked at by men in rooms that had lamps on and in rooms that had lamps off. He was looking the way a man looks when he is choosing to take a beat before he stops. He stopped. His hands came back. His hands came up my thighs.

He was hard against my thigh and I reached down and put my hand around him. His cock was a specific cock; thick at the base, the shape of a cock that goes with the body that goes with the man, and warm in my hand, except *warm* was not the word and I was not going to use *warm*, the word was *heated*, the word was *hot at the head and less hot at the root*, the word was *the temperature of a person.* The word was *I have my hand around him*. I had my hand around him. He made the sound a person makes when a person has been waited on for a long time and the wait has been worth it. I had not heard him make the sound. The sound was new.

"Condom," he said.

"Bag."

"Whose bag."

"Mine. Left zip."

"You brought a condom to Newport."

"I brought three."

"Tess."

"I am forty-one years old and I do not travel without."

He laughed and he reached past me to the floor where my bag was beside the bed. He got the bag. He got the left zip open. He got the condom. He came back. The condom-opening took six seconds; he did it efficiently, in the order condoms are opened. He put it on. He came back to me. He came back to me on the left side of the mattress where the springs were still doing their old job.

I lowered myself onto him.

The first inch took its time and the rest took its own. I made a sound. He made a sound. The two sounds were not in the same key. I sat down all the way. I sat down with both hands on his chest. His hands were at my hips. He let me set the pace. He let me set the pace because he was a man who had been a doubles partner for twenty years and he knew, in his bones, that when the other person was at the baseline you let them play their point.

I played my point.

I went slow. He looked up at me. His eyes were the colour his eyes had always been. The bedside lamp was behind my head. I rocked. The mattress, on the left side, did not creak. The mattress on the left side held. The mattress was being a mattress.

"Tess."

"Yes."

"Lean forward."

"Yes."

I leaned forward. My hands went to either side of his head. The new angle did its new work. My hair fell down around his face. He pushed it back behind one of my ears with his right hand, and the same hand he had wiped sweat off my temple with on Saturday afternoon was now in my hair, and the realisation registered and did not break my pace. He was learning me. I was learning him. Doubles, on a bed, with the cameras off.

I came first.

I had not expected to come first. I had expected to come second; I had expected him to come first because of the six days and because of the Friday adrenaline and because men of his vintage, in my experience, finish first when they have been waiting. He did not finish first. I finished first, with my hands on his chest and my hair in his face and my mouth open against his shoulder, and the orgasm started low at the base of my spine and went up in a long slow band and I lost the room for a count of eight and made a sound that was a word, and the word was his name.

"Jude."

"There."

"There, there."

I came down. My forehead on his collarbone. My breath in his neck. He had not moved his hands. He was waiting. He was waiting to see if I needed a beat or if I wanted him to take it from here. I wanted him to take it from here.

"Now you," I said.

"Now me."

He rolled us. The mattress complained in three notes again and we both laughed against each other's mouths and he found a spot two inches further left and the spot held and he was over me again, on his elbows this time, taking his weight off the dip. He went slow at first. Then he went the speed he wanted to go. I watched his face. I watched his face change. The face had been the face I had seen on Tuesday in the rental car at 9:51 a.m. and the face changed; the face I had seen broadcast its surrender on a tablet in a sponsor's tent on Wednesday night; the face that had set the bourbon glass on the porch table at 11:58 last night and said *this stopped being courtesy on Wednesday.* The face was, now, the face of a man who was about to come.

"Tess."

"Yes."

"Yes."

His back went tight under my hands and he made the sound and he held it in his throat the way men of his vintage hold it, and he was still, and he was breathing, and his forehead was against my forehead, and his right hand was on the pillow above my head with the fingers spread, and I clocked the hand the way I had clocked the hand on Tuesday at the steering wheel at 9:51 a.m., and I did not say so.

He stayed inside me for a long minute. We did not talk. The moth tapped. The cool air came through the screen. Somewhere on Bellevue a car door closed and a porch screen on a different house ticked.

He pulled out. He dealt with the condom. He came back. I had not moved. He arranged a hand-towel from the bathroom across the wet under me, because the bed was a rental bed and we were two practical people, and he did it the way a person does it who has done it before in his life, and I did not narrate that either, I let it be a thing he had done. He lay down beside me. He pulled the sheet up over both of us. The sheet was off-white and scratchy and rental.

11:18 p.m.

His hand was on my stomach. My hand was on his hand. The moth tapped.

"The deck," he said, low.

"What about it."

"What is it for now."

I thought about it. I had practised the answer in the mirror in February. The answer had been *the deck is the answer to why I said yes.* The answer had been *the deck is for nobody.* The answer had been usable; it had been true; it had not been the whole answer. The whole answer had not been for February. The whole answer might be for tonight.

"I don't know yet," I said.

"All right."

"I don't know yet is a real answer."

"It is."

"You don't know either."

"I don't know either."

"How are you good at not knowing."

"I coach kids."

"That is not an answer."

"It is half an answer. I coach kids; the kids tell me they do not know, every day, and I tell them that is fine, and I have, over fifteen years, internalised it as a posture."

"Posture."

"Yes."

"I am bad at not knowing."

"I have observed this."

"When."

"Tuesday. Wednesday. Thursday. The Saturday porch."

"You watch me."

"I do."

I laughed. I laughed into his shoulder. I was forty-one years old and I had laughed three times into this man's shoulder in three hours and I had not laughed three times into anybody's shoulder in three years and I let the count be a count and did not turn it into a sentence.

"Mae," he said.

"What about Mae."

"She asked me, on the phone Tuesday, whether it was weird. With you. And I said it was a tennis tournament."

"Was it weird."

"Yes."

"Is it still weird."

"It is a different kind of weird now."

"That tracks."

"Tess."

"Mm."

"Sleep."

"You first."

"You first."

"Together."

"Together is acceptable."

His hand stayed on my stomach.

12:04 a.m.

She was breathing the breath of a person on the edge of sleep but not yet over it. Her hand was still on top of mine on her stomach. The bedside lamp was on; she had not asked me to turn it off and I had not turned it off because turning it off felt like a decision I did not have to make yet.

The window was open onto Bellevue Avenue.

The screen was old.

The moth was at the screen.

I lay on my left side and looked at the window. The August dark beyond the screen was the August dark of a town that takes its dark seriously; no streetlight close enough, just the porch light of the Cape across the street, gold, low, on its own timer. The cool air came in. The cool air was on my bare shoulder and on her bare shoulder under the sheet's edge. The moth had been at the screen since 10:01 p.m. and was still at the screen.

I watched the moth.

The moth tapped.
